
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001062                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1061980572                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400558694970                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 416397                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   533392                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36908                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28773.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11981274299                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15347641909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        18560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        33280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        15744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        79616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        78208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        78848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        78464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               621440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           46080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       294784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            294784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3495356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17476779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3133767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14945659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1807943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     31337673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3615885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     18320486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1807943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25431727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1687413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21213194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1687413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     32301909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3013238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14825130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3013238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     74969356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2892708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     73643532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3133767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     15909896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1687413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20972135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3013238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     74246179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3013238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14704600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3615885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17597309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2772179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     73884591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               585170780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3495356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3133767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1807943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3615885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1807943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1687413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1687413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3013238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3013238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2892708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3133767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1687413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3013238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3013238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3615885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2772179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           43390624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         277579466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              277579466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         277579466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3495356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17476779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3133767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14945659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1807943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     31337673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3615885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     18320486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1807943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25431727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1687413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21213194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1687413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     32301909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3013238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14825130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3013238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     74969356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2892708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     73643532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3133767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     15909896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1687413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20972135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3013238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     74246179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3013238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14704600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3615885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17597309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2772179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     73884591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              862750246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80705                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21314                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1011                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2014195                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178622                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244762                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        45498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124675                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21900                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2343335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2098573     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11254      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17773      0.76%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23866      1.02%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          24990      1.07%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21357      0.91%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11651      0.50%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17704      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116167      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2343335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082697                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462801                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1993644                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        66500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244160                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38670                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34433                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444955                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38670                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1999640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         13414                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        40199                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238528                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12880                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443444                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6712367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6712367                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         299206                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40374                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136166                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          778                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15534                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440075                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357652                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432194                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2343335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1771102     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234067      9.99%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119026      5.08%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89941      3.84%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71232      3.04%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29020      1.24%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18206      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9482      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1259      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2343335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           321     12.96%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          916     36.98%     49.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1240     50.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141844     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20237      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123359      9.09%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72044      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357652                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.533099                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5061466                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617776                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2753                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24715                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38670                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1172                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136166                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12003                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12968                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24971                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337443                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115697                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189549                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            72027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.525164                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1335218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069456                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.524290                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209989                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22092                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2304665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1800345     78.12%     78.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249972     10.85%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94549      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44681      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37574      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21922      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19577      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8399      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27646      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2304665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        27646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3717437                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2919544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32240                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                203382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.546717                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.546717                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6017743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861252                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338462                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         229951                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191595                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22599                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1991939                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1261359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            229951                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       106067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              261848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         63986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        67137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125326                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2100251     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          15764      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20013      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          32073      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13063      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          17057      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          19891      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9429      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         134558      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2362099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090293                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.495288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1980228                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        80190                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          260550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        40958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        34685                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1541079                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1293                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        40958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1982708                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          6376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        67801                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          258208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6042                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1531252                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2139680                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7116639                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7116639                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1754842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         384808                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       145023                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        73900                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          843                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        16764                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1493102                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1420560                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2001                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       202770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1761547     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273072     11.56%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111735      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63462      2.69%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84401      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26990      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26258      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13542      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1092      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9998     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.06%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1196820     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19204      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130795      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73567      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1420560                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.557800                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12687                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5217906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381332                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1091                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30962                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1451                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        40958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4767                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          657                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1493470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145023                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73900                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          582                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13008                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1394370                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128036                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             201579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         196491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            73543                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.547517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1381371                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1381332                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          827375                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2225227                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.542397                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1020755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22580                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1788460     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270301     11.65%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98032      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48478      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44548      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18866      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18690      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8887      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24879      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1020755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1257702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               186506                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              114057                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           182274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1132344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        25953                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24879                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3789706                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3027895                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                184618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1020755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1257702                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1020755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.494935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.494935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.400812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.400812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6271621                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1932566                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1423264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         199563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179785                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12332                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76592                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          534                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2097854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1255635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            199563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        80216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              247385                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         38826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        44868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          122185                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2168947     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8602      0.36%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18168      0.75%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7246      0.30%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          40407      1.67%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          36126      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7071      0.29%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14838      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         114927      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2416332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.078361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.493041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2086069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        57030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          246408                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        26047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1471939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        26047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2088810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         39038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        10677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          244510                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7244                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1470235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           37                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1735501                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6919887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6919887                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1503005                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         232492                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           20449                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       343256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       172438                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1398838                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          906                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1919841     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148184      6.13%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122242      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52564      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67293      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64619      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36739      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3023      0.13%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1827      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3533     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27338     86.26%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          823      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       881984     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12238      0.87%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332630     23.78%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       171903     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1398838                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.549271                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31694                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5246608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1598005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1430532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16319                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        26047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         35408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465382                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172438                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1176                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6452                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        14136                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1387593                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11245                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             503182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         181310                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           171864                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.544856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1385139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1385009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          749907                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1483442                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.543841                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1115208                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1310472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154993                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        12390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1914867     80.11%     80.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173665      7.27%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81436      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80459      3.37%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21600      0.90%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93491      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7174      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5085      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12508      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1115208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1310472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               497889                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              326937                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1165344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12691                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12508                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3843242                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2956991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 47315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                130385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1115208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1310472                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1115208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.283625                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.283625                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.437900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.437900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6851680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1614759                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1743696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         210352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80652                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2012692                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1176904                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            210352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       101827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              244514                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        45549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          124663                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2341706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2097192     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11327      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17764      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23900      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25032      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21288      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11487      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17675      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         116041      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2341706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462126                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1992340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        66360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          243849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          414                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1442714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1998277                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        39637                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          238328                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1441091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2011801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6700780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6700780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1711916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         299883                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       135935                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        72242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15397                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1437676                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2341706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1770223     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       233802      9.98%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119007      5.08%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        90157      3.85%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70846      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28865      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18064      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9490      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1252      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2341706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           315     12.76%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          917     37.14%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1237     50.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1139617     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20173      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122970      9.08%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71898      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2469                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5054161                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1615636                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332538                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2834                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24700                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1490                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         11096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1438031                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          634                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135935                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12092                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13018                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25110                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334702                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115452                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             187336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         189286                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524087                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1332629                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1332538                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          766287                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2064925                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523238                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371097                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209986                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2302965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1799595     78.14%     78.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249370     10.83%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94574      4.11%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44481      1.93%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37579      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21872      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19578      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8369      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27547      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2302965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       998092                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1228064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               181987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111235                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           177066                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1106468                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25281                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27547                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3713455                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2914848                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32307                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                205011                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            998092                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1228064                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       998092                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.551585                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.551585                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6004958                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1858147                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1336465                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         195913                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173934                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122983                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11804                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036689                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1108910                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            195913                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       134787                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              246309                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         55200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        33553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          124404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16514                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2354697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.783643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2108388     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          37021      1.57%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19134      0.81%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          36033      1.53%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11772      0.50%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          33310      1.41%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5288      0.22%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           8992      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          94759      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2354697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.076928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.435427                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1971379                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        99561                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          245683                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        37798                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        19400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1245638                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        37798                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1978678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         65374                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        13678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          239747                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        19421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1242983                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        17472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1637303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5637089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5637089                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1302862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         334415                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           34855                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       218586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        36673                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          265                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8319                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1234570                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1147319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1156                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236536                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497844                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2354697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1849549     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166639      7.08%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161032      6.84%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97461      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50882      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13059      0.55%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15416      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          358      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          301      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2354697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2100     58.35%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          838     23.28%     81.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          661     18.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903562     78.75%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9230      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198165     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36279      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1147319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.450509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3599                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003137                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4654090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1116565                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1150918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1101                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        37798                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         33077                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1234735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36673                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10252                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        17942                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1130925                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             231231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         171675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            36272                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.444072                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1116969                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1116565                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          675254                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1487796                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.438433                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.453862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       995654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        16700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2316899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1944728     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147258      6.36%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93876      4.05%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29040      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48724      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9804      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6303      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5538      0.24%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31628      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2316899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       881633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       995654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               207919                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              172347                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           152853                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          870510                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        31628                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3520061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2507427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 45116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                192020                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            881633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              995654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       881633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.888636                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.888636                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346184                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346184                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5245609                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1461498                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1311947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         207439                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169917                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78884                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1982594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1184767                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            207439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        99908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              259048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        59437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          123640                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21721                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2341963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2082915     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          27522      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          31958      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17528      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          19974      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11424      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7641      0.33%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          20319      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         122682      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2341963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.465213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1966419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        76201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          256776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2033                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        40529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33690                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1445998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        40529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1969898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14519                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        52727                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          255372                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1444142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2009715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6723628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6723628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1684360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         325337                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          215                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26128                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       138732                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1352131                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1967                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       463852                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2341963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1773766     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227487      9.71%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123045      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85075      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74539      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38111      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9422      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6058      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4460      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2341963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1438     46.27%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     42.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132106     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21151      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125064      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73646      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1352131                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5051300                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1639506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1327299                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1355239                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27319                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2289                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        40529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10546                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138732                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          714                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12073                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12769                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24842                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1330177                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116846                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             190450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         185295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            73604                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522310                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1327380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1327299                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          789949                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2071423                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381356                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       988915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1213030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227662                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21940                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2301434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1805784     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229947      9.99%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96661      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57261      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40032      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25977      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13722      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10767      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21283      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2301434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       988915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1213030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               183470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              111406                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           173570                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1093600                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        21283                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3720843                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2921937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                204754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            988915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1213030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       988915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.575264                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.575264                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388310                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388310                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5998439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1845484                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1347358                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         199795                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180048                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69257                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10810                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          524                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2095625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1256490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            199795                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        80067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              247482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         38960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        44553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          121963                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2414097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2166615     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8523      0.35%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18185      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7184      0.30%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          40500      1.68%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          36158      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6821      0.28%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          14830      0.61%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         115281      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2414097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.078452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.493376                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2084018                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        56590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          246461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        26259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1473222                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        26259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2086794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         38162                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        11267                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          244522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         7087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1471269                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1736589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6924539                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6924539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1502100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         234483                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           20517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       343640                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       172436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1548                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465989                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1397658                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          904                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134616                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329506                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2414097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1918292     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147710      6.12%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122095      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52724      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67089      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64487      2.67%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36929      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2947      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1824      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2414097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3577     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27337     86.16%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          815      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880869     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12232      0.88%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332592     23.80%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       171882     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1397658                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.548808                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31729                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5242046                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1600828                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1383930                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1429387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2434                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16757                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1513                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        26259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         34605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466164                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343640                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1228                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6410                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7694                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        14104                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1386478                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331350                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             503196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         181281                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           171846                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.544418                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1384041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1383930                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          748921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1480752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.543417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505771                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1114687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1309824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       156436                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        12312                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1912657     80.10%     80.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173581      7.27%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81310      3.41%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80460      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21646      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93430      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7205      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5113      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12436      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1114687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1309824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               497802                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              326879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           172916                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1164772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12679                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        12436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3841662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2958800                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47238                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                132620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1114687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1309824                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1114687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.284692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.284692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.437696                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.437696                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6846510                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1612839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1744603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         230212                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1992406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1262183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            230212                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       106180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              262111                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        66949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21577                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2100560     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15782      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20098      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32083      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13112      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17110      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19888      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9394      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         134644      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2362671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.495612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1980667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        80032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          260811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        40988                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34722                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1542177                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        40988                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1983148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6419                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        67592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          258467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1532375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2141140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7121315                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7121315                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1755857                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         385278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22334                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       145154                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        73939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16758                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1494063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1421409                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       202875                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1761846     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273048     11.56%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111933      4.74%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63458      2.69%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84497      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26989      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26215      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13582      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1103      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9997     78.74%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1411     11.11%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1197619     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19219      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130794      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73603      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1421409                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.558134                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12697                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5220167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1697326                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1382199                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31032                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        40988                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4756                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          663                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1494432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          968                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145154                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          592                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13022                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25738                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1395229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             201649                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         196687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            73577                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.547854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1382237                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1382199                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          827901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2226624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.542738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1021343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258429                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236003                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1788735     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270430     11.65%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98099      4.23%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48531      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44530      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18828      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18707      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8878      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24945      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1021343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1258429                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               186614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              114119                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           182379                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1132994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25966                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24945                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3791157                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3029863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32278                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                184046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1021343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1258429                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1021343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.493498                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.493498                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.401043                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.401043                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6275180                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1933839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1424148                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         197565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75166                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1916470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1170008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            197565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        94858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              239925                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         66508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        63561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          119866                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2264633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2024708     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12634      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20217      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          30216      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12688      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          14673      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          15313      0.68%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11085      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         123099      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2264633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077576                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1891893                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        88914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          238173                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44284                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1417631                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44284                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1896825                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         41806                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        31792                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          234751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15170                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1414595                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1383                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1934451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6594943                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6594943                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1587532                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         346884                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           43691                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       143777                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        79239                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15667                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1409772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          318                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1314290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2075                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2264633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1704940     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       226768     10.01%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125365      5.54%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82654      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75339      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23278      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16739      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5750      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3800      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2264633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           392     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1411     42.39%     54.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     45.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081383     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24220      1.84%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130915      9.96%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77627      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1314290                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.516072                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002533                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4898616                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1631718                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31011                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5415                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1049                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44284                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         29786                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1741                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410095                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143777                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79239                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          989                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11267                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294689                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123831                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             201299                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         175532                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            77468                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.508376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1289628                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1289490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          763130                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1935805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.506334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394218                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1160846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2220349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1749746     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224068     10.09%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93173      4.20%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47616      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35518      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20242      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12577      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10432      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26977      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2220349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       951929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1160846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               186587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              112763                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           161270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1049400                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22621                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3604475                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2866557                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 34645                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                282084                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            951929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1160846                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       951929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.675322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.675322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5877701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1761314                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1344136                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         197359                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160830                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79708                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19618                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1916536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1169260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            197359                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        94729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              239784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         66624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        62088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          119853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2263209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2023425     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          12631      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20129      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          30254      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12592      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          14884      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          15188      0.67%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10997      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         123109      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2263209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1891660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        87717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          237979                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1439                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        44409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        32056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          368                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1417027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        44409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1896626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         42210                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        30145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          234583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        15231                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1413902                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1121                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1932503                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6591553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6591553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1584271                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         348205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           44206                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       143948                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        79241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4123                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15701                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312802                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2110                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       223209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512545                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2263209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1703945     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       226692     10.02%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125408      5.54%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82353      3.64%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75286      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23314      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16724      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5719      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3768      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2263209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           371     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1415     42.67%     53.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1530     46.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1080054     82.27%     82.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24190      1.84%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130829      9.97%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77584      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312802                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.515488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002526                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4894236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1632466                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287912                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316118                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6207                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31378                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5542                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1059                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        44409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         30347                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1768                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409192                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           50                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143948                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11235                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24348                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123760                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             201172                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         175196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            77412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.507791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1288070                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1287912                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          762255                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1933041                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.505715                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394329                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       950067                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1158552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251692                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2218800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1748884     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223713     10.08%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93089      4.20%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47554      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35511      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20302      0.91%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12542      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10447      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26758      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2218800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       950067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1158552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               186266                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              112567                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           160937                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1047345                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        22577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26758                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3602273                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2864931                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 34662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                283508                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            950067                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1158552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       950067                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.680566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.680566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.373056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.373056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5871114                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1758604                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1343225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         229589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191327                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81605                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1041                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1988610                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1259141                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            229589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       105776                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              261366                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        69230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          125240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2099200     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          15794      0.67%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19913      0.84%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          32028      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13007      0.55%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          17080      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          19777      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9345      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         134422      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2360566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.494417                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1976844                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        82335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          260081                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34606                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1538284                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1979350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          6347                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        69991                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          257701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1528410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2135699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7102692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7102692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1749358                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         386299                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           22251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       144775                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        73634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        16708                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1489994                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1417098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203904                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431750                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1761582     74.63%     74.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272318     11.54%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111446      4.72%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63289      2.68%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84163      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26915      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26274      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13482      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1097      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10008     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.99%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1285     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1194112     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19127      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          173      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130378      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73308      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1417098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.556441                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12688                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008954                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5209466                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1694290                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1377737                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1429786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1119                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31094                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1427                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4739                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1490368                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144775                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          196                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          566                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1390771                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127642                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             200927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         195949                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            73285                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546103                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1377773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1377737                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          825041                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2219082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.540986                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1017541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1788411     77.11%     77.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       269479     11.62%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97719      4.21%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48312      2.08%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44385      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18810      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18667      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8869      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24771      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1017541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1253696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               185888                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              113681                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           181668                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1128739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25861                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24771                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3784987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3021870                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32346                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                186151                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1017541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1253696                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1017541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.502815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.502815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.399550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.399550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6255301                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1927702                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1420486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         207072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169752                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83892                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20971                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1982006                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1182646                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            207072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        99931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              258625                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         63292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        60087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          123725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21847                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2341568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2082943     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          27526      1.18%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          31974      1.37%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          17535      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          19812      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11330      0.48%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7934      0.34%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          20372      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         122142      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2341568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.464381                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1965739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        76918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          256350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2059                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        40497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        33487                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1442851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1941                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        40497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1969233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         14824                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        53092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          254952                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1441164                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2006385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6708850                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6708850                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1681917                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         324457                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26074                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       137800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        74037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        16280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1437690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1350210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197763                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2341568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1773683     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227629      9.72%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122860      5.25%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85337      3.64%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74240      3.17%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37933      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9399      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6065      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4422      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2341568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           338     10.96%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1417     45.93%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1330     43.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1131140     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21045      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124359      9.21%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73502      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1350210                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530177                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3085                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5046938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1635864                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1325708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1353295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3361                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26530                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2064                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        40497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10514                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1438064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12891                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        25074                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21758                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             189964                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         185095                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            73471                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.521633                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1325783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1325708                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          789470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2069284                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520556                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       987514                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1211314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        22066                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2301071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1806021     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229747      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96589      4.20%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57225      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39792      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25938      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13750      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10716      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21293      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2301071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       987514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1211314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               183241                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              111268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1092069                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        24625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        21293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3717849                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2916653                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32251                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                205149                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            987514                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1211314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       987514                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.578917                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.578917                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.387760                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.387760                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5990322                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1843780                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1344920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         197969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21079                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          909                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1912855                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1170708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            197969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        94935                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              239951                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         66757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        63478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          119726                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2261199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2021248     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          12587      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20160      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          30153      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12681      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          14785      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          15561      0.69%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10986      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         123038      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2261199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077735                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1888447                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        88674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          238108                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1443                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        44522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        32029                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1418005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        44522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1893489                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         41931                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        31264                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          234643                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1414655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1316                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1934101                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6592935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6592935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1583915                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         350186                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          310                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           44600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       143588                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        78930                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15937                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1409443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312364                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2088                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       223951                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2261199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1702194     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       226515     10.02%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125445      5.55%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82297      3.64%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75318      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23170      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16675      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5784      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3801      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2261199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           381     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1387     42.09%     53.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     46.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1080251     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24179      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130421      9.94%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77368      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312364                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.515316                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3295                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002511                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4891310                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1633786                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287720                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6330                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5245                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1034                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        44522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         29321                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1769                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143588                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        78930                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11263                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13125                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1292820                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             200702                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         175445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            77220                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.507642                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1287849                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1287720                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          762090                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1932288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.505639                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394398                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       949868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1158308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2216677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1747034     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223662     10.09%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        92899      4.19%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47646      2.15%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35327      1.59%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20266      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12555      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10362      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26926      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2216677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       949868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1158308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               186231                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              112546                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           160907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1047120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        22571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        26926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3600622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2866306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 34673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                285518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            949868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1158308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       949868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.681127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.681127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.372977                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.372977                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5868496                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1758568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1344380                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         229805                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191479                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22615                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89341                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1022                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1991310                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1260363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            229805                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       105985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              261645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        67298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21599                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2361439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2099794     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          15740      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20006      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          32055      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13029      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          17065      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          19897      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9395      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         134458      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2361439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.494897                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1979641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        80300                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          260363                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        40967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34659                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1539948                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1299                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        40967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1982121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          6369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        67940                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          258016                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1530199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2138257                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7111537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7111537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1753411                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         384834                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       144953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        73842                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16734                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1492057                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1419593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       202726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429851                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2361439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1761314     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272860     11.55%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111636      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63463      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84339      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26997      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26177      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13555      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1098      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2361439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9997     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1404     11.07%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1287     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1196045     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19188      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130675      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73511      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1419593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.557421                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12688                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008938                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5215316                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1380378                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        40967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4767                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          659                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1492425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73842                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          590                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13023                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1393414                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             201416                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         196366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            73485                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.547141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1380415                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1380378                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          826762                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2223616                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.542023                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1019930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22594                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2320472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1788248     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270085     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97973      4.22%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48379      2.08%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44509      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18836      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18672      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8877      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24893      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2320472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1019930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1256699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               186379                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              113980                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           182127                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1131446                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25933                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24893                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3787989                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3025827                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                185278                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1019930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1256699                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1019930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.496953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.496953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.400488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.400488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6267260                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1931322                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1422131                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22113                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80528                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21235                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1022                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2012268                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1177967                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101763                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              244637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        46179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124634                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21964                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2342227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2097590     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11324      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17768      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23757      1.01%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          25039      1.07%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          21249      0.91%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11593      0.49%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17600      0.75%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         116307      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2342227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082636                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462543                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1991721                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        67180                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          244020                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        38932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1444376                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        38932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1997781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13951                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        40231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          238318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1442712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2012891                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6709130                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6709130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1711396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         301495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           40773                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       136302                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72259                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          772                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356026                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436123                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2342227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1770987     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       233627      9.97%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118584      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89753      3.83%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71380      3.05%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28973      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18123      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9551      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1249      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2342227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          917     37.20%     49.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1238     50.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1140765     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20167      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123056      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71870      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356026                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001818                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5057091                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1333545                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2803                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        38932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         11211                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1136                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136302                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72259                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11987                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13081                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115489                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             187343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         189177                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71854                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1333632                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1333545                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          766840                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2068415                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523633                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370738                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       997786                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211989                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22167                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2303295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1800363     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249117     10.82%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94262      4.09%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44630      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37526      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21864      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19576      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8372      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27585      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2303295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       997786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1227695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               181940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           177010                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1106140                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25274                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27585                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3715381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2918306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                204490                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            997786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1227695                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       997786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.552368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.552368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391793                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391793                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6010274                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1858965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1337481                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2546717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         197220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21090                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79490                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1915241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1167970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            197220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        94640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              239613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         66403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        62929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          119810                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2262336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2022723     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12627      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20303      0.90%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          30047      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12709      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          14878      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15195      0.67%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10846      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         123008      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2262336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.458618                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1890476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        88489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          237763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1443                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        44160                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31964                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1415148                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1378                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        44160                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1895493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         41565                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        31437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          234316                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15360                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1411712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1251                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1930609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6581282                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6581282                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1585049                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         345560                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          167                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           44720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       143589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        78935                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1406661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310720                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2114                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220655                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510785                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2262336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1703768     75.31%     75.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       226541     10.01%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125083      5.53%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82470      3.65%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75194      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23130      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16662      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5699      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3789      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2262336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           375     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1433     42.83%     54.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1538     45.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1078642     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24163      1.84%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130388      9.95%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77382      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310720                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.514670                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3346                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002553                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4889236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1627707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286096                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6309                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1048                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        44160                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         29392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1803                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1406984                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        78935                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          972                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13062                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291235                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             200635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         175112                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            77211                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.507019                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1286237                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1286096                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          761006                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1929650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.505002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394375                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       950503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1159084                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249028                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2218176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1748482     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223510     10.08%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93078      4.20%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47493      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35365      1.59%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20307      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12594      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10396      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26951      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2218176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       950503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1159084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               186332                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              112609                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           161015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1047821                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22587                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26951                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3599324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2860395                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 34770                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                284381                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            950503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1159084                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       950503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.679336                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.679336                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.373227                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.373227                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5861928                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1756693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1341538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4865                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32736.686477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1015466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          27.016415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1571.503738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.045380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    74.347570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    11.783110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    61.034552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.240114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   118.110483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.670472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    78.033470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.998734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.164264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.774430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    76.713536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.269863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   121.473660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    11.664588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    59.354272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    17.936344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   285.769981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.458153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   276.394538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    11.750785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    64.936236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.772924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    78.190227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    17.907444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   276.614982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.654600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    60.682595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.667248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    74.314296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.003449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   276.580235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1366.222922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1126.600674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2227.641713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1322.575953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2077.758441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1689.795353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2230.387129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1101.513908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2585.769555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2601.134297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1114.402543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1718.423490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2607.233638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1121.618031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1364.471019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2565.321540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.047958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.008721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.008435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.008442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.008441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.041694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.034381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.067982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.040362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.063408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.051568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.068066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.078911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.079380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.034009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.052442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.079566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.034229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.041640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.078287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          524                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5827                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 248                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          268                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4366286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21726412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3993887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18636644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2210552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     39841132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4723438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23038967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2237952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32057285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2035450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26356379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2161695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     40502805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3801208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18530289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3672045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     84613683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3627543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83044755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3995717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20545246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2185817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26101757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3867602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83645188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4003314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18563020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4761493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22308467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3447072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83164828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       697767928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8793329                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9645593                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9559566                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9410096                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      37408584                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4366286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21726412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3993887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18636644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2210552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     39841132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4723438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23038967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2237952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32057285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2035450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26356379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2161695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     40502805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3801208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18530289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3672045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93407012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3627543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92690348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3995717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20545246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2185817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26101757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3867602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93204754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4003314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18563020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4761493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22308467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3447072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92574924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        735176512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4366286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21726412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3993887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18636644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2210552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     39841132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4723438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23038967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2237952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32057285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2035450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26356379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2161695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     40502805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3801208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18530289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3672045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93407012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3627543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92690348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3995717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20545246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2185817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26101757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3867602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93204754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4003314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18563020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4761493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22308467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3447072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92574924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       735176512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.317949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.377171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.412109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.527596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.512172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.339332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.518276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.313625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.365000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.519358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.442896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.950820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.955224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.885714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.315522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.412109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.550442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.538326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.543689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.362283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.544889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.454503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.315522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.412109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.550442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.538326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.543689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.362283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.544889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.454503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150561.586207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149837.324138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153611.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150295.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147370.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153235.123077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157447.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151572.151316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149196.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151930.260664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145389.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149752.153409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154406.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151129.869403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152048.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150652.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146881.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150024.260638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151147.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151818.564899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153681.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 155645.803030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156129.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150010.097701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154704.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151257.121157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160132.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152155.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158716.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152797.719178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149872.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151208.778182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151458.200130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151609.120690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150712.390625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151739.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149366.603175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150841.064516                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150561.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149837.324138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153611.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150295.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147370.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153235.123077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157447.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151572.151316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149196.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151930.260664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145389.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149752.153409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154406.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151129.869403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152048.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150652.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146881.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150172.045016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151147.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151702.697218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153681.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 155645.803030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156129.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150010.097701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154704.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151306.418831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160132.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152155.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158716.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152797.719178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149872.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151019.451876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151426.676004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150561.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149837.324138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153611.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150295.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147370.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153235.123077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157447.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151572.151316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149196.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151930.260664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145389.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149752.153409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154406.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151129.869403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152048.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150652.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146881.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150172.045016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151147.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151702.697218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153681.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 155645.803030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156129.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150010.097701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154704.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151306.418831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160132.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152155.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158716.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152797.719178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149872.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151019.451876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151426.676004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2303                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2303                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2678006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13283149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2483898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11416944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1337491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24715963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2981367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14187411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1363113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19769451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1220071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16100507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1344667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24906593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2349161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11368873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2218169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     51793337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2228552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51226037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2481220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12862366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1371583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15970222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2413917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51473128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2549105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11460855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3017779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13817494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2110932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51162890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429664251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5416350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5919406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5888916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5744585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22969257                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2678006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13283149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2483898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11416944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1337491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24715963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2981367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14187411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1363113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19769451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1220071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16100507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1344667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24906593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2349161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11368873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2218169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     57209687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2228552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57145443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2481220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12862366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1371583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15970222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2413917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57362044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2549105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11460855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3017779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13817494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2110932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56907475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    452633508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2678006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13283149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2483898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11416944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1337491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24715963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2981367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14187411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1363113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19769451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1220071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16100507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1344667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24906593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2349161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11368873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2218169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     57209687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2228552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57145443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2481220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12862366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1371583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15970222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2413917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57362044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2549105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11460855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3017779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13817494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2110932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56907475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    452633508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.317949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.377171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.412109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.527596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.512172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.339332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.518276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.313625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.365000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.519358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.442896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.950820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.955224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.315522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.412109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.550442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.538326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.543689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.362283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.544889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.454503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.315522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.412109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.550442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.538326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.543689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.362283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.544889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.454503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92345.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91607.924138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95534.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92072.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89166.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95061.396154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99378.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93338.230263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90874.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93694.080569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87147.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91480.153409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96047.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92935.048507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93966.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92429.861789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 88726.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91832.157801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92856.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93649.062157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95431.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97442.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97970.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91782.885057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96556.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93079.797468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101964.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93941.434426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100592.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94640.369863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91779.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93023.436364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93263.349468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93385.344828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92490.718750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93474.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91183.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92617.971774                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92345.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91607.924138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95534.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92072.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89166.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95061.396154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99378.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93338.230263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90874.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93694.080569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87147.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91480.153409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96047.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92935.048507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93966.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92429.861789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 88726.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91976.988746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92856.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93527.729951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95431.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97442.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97970.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91782.885057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96556.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93120.201299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101964.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93941.434426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100592.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94640.369863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91779.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92834.380098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93230.382698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92345.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91607.924138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95534.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92072.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89166.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95061.396154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99378.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93338.230263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90874.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93694.080569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87147.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91480.153409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96047.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92935.048507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93966.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92429.861789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 88726.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91976.988746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92856.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93527.729951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95431.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97442.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97970.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91782.885057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 96556.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93120.201299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101964.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93941.434426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100592.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94640.369863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91779.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92834.380098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93230.382698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              499.300999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1482475.492095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.300999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7565503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7565503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7565503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7565503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7565503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7565503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 189137.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189137.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 189137.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189137.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 189137.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189137.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6360445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6360445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6360445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 205175.645161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205175.645161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 205175.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205175.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 205175.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205175.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171961.531108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.285458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.714542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.559709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.440291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    151530386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151530386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1594341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1594341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    153124727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    153124727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    153124727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    153124727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121321.365893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121321.365893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88574.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88574.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120856.138122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120856.138122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120856.138122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120856.138122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41539629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41539629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       268812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       268812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41808441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41808441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41808441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41808441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103849.072500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103849.072500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        89604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103743.029777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103743.029777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103743.029777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103743.029777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              467.023915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753574631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1560195.923395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.023915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5905200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5905200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5905200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5905200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5905200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5905200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164033.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164033.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164033.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164033.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164033.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164033.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4887529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4887529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4887529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4887529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4887529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4887529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174554.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174554.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174554.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174554.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174554.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174554.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              109420366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             168598.406780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   141.330430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   114.669570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.552072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.447928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        98197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        72078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       170275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         170275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       170275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        170275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    109304279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109304279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1198428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1198428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    110502707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110502707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    110502707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110502707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        99194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       171284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       171284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109633.178536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109633.178536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        99869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109517.053518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109517.053518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109517.053518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109517.053518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           94                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              94                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38981958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38981958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       234593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39216551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39216551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39216551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39216551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99953.738462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99953.738462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78197.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78197.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99787.661578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99787.661578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99787.661578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99787.661578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              557.239178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769306884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1378686.172043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.239178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         122167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        122167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2891233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2891233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2891233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2891233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2891233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2891233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       122185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       122185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160624.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160624.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160624.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160624.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160624.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160624.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2458913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2458913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2458913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2458913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2458913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2458913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163927.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163927.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163927.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163927.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163927.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163927.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289563035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             286980.213082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   100.894829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   155.105171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.605880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       312797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       170785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       483582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         483582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       483582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        483582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300864397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300864397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300864397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    300864397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300864397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    300864397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       315483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       170785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       486268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       486268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112012.061430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112012.061430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112012.061430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112012.061430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112012.061430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112012.061430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77799935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77799935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77799935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77799935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77799935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77799935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103319.966799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103319.966799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103319.966799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103319.966799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103319.966799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103319.966799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              499.925606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750132589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1479551.457594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.925606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         124625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        124625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7786665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7786665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7786665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7786665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7786665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7786665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       124663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       124663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204912.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204912.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204912.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204912.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204912.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204912.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6743364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6743364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6743364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6743364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6743364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6743364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 210730.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210730.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 210730.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210730.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 210730.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210730.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113322212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             171181.589124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   144.177759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   111.822241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.563194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.436806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        84644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        70410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         155054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        155054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    157202197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157202197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1421074                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1421074                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    158623271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158623271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    158623271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158623271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        85907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124467.297704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124467.297704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88817.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88817.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124021.322127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124021.322127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124021.322127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124021.322127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42896476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42896476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       213307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       213307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43109783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43109783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43109783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43109783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106442.868486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106442.868486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 71102.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71102.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106181.731527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106181.731527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106181.731527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106181.731527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              539.997870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              647141459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1196194.933457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.997870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         124387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        124387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2745610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2745610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2745610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2745610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2745610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2745610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       124404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       124404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161506.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161506.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161506.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161506.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161506.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161506.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2405506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2405506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2405506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2405506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2405506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2405506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160367.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160367.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160367.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160367.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160367.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160367.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              151389634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             197121.919271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   131.966988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   124.033012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.515496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.484504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       177439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       212846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         212846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       212846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        212846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    208798729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208798729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    208798729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208798729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    208798729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208798729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       179294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       214701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       214701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112559.961725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112559.961725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112559.961725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112559.961725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112559.961725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112559.961725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     54910722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54910722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     54910722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54910722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     54910722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54910722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107247.503906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107247.503906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107247.503906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107247.503906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107247.503906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107247.503906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.773576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750707351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1513522.885081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.773576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         123621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        123621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2726134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2726134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2726134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2726134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2726134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2726134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       123640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       123640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 143480.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143480.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 143480.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143480.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 143480.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143480.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2249714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2249714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2249714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2249714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2249714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2249714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160693.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160693.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160693.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160693.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160693.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160693.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              118289738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             157930.224299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   160.686163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    95.313837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.627680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.372320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        85702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       157344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         157344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       157344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        157344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206063696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206063696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6883013                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6883013                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    212946709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212946709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    212946709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212946709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        87392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       159102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       159102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121931.181065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121931.181065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101220.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101220.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121130.096132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121130.096132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121130.096132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121130.096132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     49882368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49882368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     49882368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49882368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     49882368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49882368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101181.273834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101181.273834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101181.273834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101181.273834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101181.273834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101181.273834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.268987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              769306663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1381160.974865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.268987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         121946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        121946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2974558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2974558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2974558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2974558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2974558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2974558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       121963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       121963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       174974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       174974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       174974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       174974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       174974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       174974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2391095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2391095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2391095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170792.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170792.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170792.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170792.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170792.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170792.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              289563186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             286129.630435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   100.980360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   155.019640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.394455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.605545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       312977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       170756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       483733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         483733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       483733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        483733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    299840230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299840230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    299840230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    299840230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    299840230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    299840230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       315640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       170756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       486396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       486396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112594.904243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112594.904243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112594.904243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112594.904243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112594.904243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112594.904243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78736680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78736680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78736680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78736680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78736680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78736680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104149.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104149.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104149.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104149.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104149.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104149.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              466.905876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753574677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1563432.939834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    11.905876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5763562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5763562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5763562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5763562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5763562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5763562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164673.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164673.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164673.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164673.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164673.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164673.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4626246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4626246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4626246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4626246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4626246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4626246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171342.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171342.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171342.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171342.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171342.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171342.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109420401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             169119.630603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   141.381395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   114.618605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.552271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.447729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        98185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        72124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       170309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         170309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       170309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        170309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    108080460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108080460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1287322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1287322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    109367782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    109367782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    109367782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    109367782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        99187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       171323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       171323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107864.730539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107864.730539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107276.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107276.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107857.773176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107857.773176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107857.773176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107857.773176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     38465008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38465008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       284876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       284876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     38749884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38749884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     38749884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38749884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99136.618557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99136.618557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94958.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94958.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99104.562660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99104.562660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99104.562660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99104.562660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.388640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753890970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1461029.011628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.388640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.029469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       119833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       119833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         119833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       119833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        119833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5038480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5038480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5038480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5038480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5038480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5038480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       119866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       119866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       119866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       119866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       119866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152681.212121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152681.212121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152681.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152681.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152681.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152681.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4199301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4199301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4199301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4199301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4199301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4199301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161511.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161511.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161511.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161511.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161511.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161511.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125625780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             90639.090909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   190.021087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    65.978913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.742270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.257730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        90937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        72966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         163903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        163903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    334846197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334846197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81307330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81307330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    416153527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    416153527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    416153527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    416153527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        93492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       166916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       166916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.027329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131055.263014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131055.263014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 177526.921397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177526.921397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138119.325257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138119.325257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138119.325257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138119.325257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    126824271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126824271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9764824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9764824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    136589095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136589095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    136589095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136589095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000831                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000831                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118638.232928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118638.232928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160079.081967                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160079.081967                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120875.305310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120875.305310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120875.305310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120875.305310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              507.908056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753890959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1463865.939806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.908056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.028699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         119822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        119822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4957182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4957182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4957182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4957182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4957182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4957182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       119853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       119853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159909.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159909.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159909.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159909.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159909.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159909.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4184789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4184789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4184789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4184789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4184789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4184789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167391.560000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167391.560000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167391.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167391.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167391.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167391.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125625679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             90313.212797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   189.612410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    66.387590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.740673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.259327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       163800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         163800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       163800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        163800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    336933268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    336933268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     87365321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87365321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    424298589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    424298589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    424298589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    424298589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        93533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       166832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       166832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.027178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 132546.525570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132546.525570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 178296.573469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178296.573469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 139940.167876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139940.167876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 139940.167876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139940.167876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    127397646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127397646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10629146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10629146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    138026792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138026792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    138026792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138026792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119286.185393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119286.185393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 158643.970149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158643.970149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121609.508370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121609.508370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121609.508370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121609.508370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              466.987672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              753574545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1560195.745342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    11.987672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         125204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        125204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5881058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5881058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5881058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5881058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5881058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5881058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       125240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       125240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163362.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163362.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163362.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163362.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163362.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163362.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4765038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4765038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4765038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4765038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170179.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170179.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170179.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170179.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170179.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170179.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              109419798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             169118.698609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   141.236099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   114.763901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.551704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.448296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        97857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         97857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       169698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         169698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       169698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        169698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    111519854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111519854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       715782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       715782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    112235636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    112235636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    112235636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    112235636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        98856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       170704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       170704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111631.485485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111631.485485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102254.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102254.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111566.238569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111566.238569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111566.238569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111566.238569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40285165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40285165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       153696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40438861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40438861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40438861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40438861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103560.835476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103560.835476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        76848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103424.196931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103424.196931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103424.196931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103424.196931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.772032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750707436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1513523.056452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.772032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         123706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        123706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3269717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3269717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3269717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3269717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3269717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3269717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       123725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       123725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172090.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172090.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172090.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172090.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172090.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172090.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2443341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2443341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2443341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174524.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174524.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174524.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174524.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174524.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174524.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              118289293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             158990.985215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   160.536148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    95.463852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.627094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.372906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        85348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        71551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       156899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         156899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       156899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        156899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    209590990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209590990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7320112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7320112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    216911102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    216911102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    216911102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    216911102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        87043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       158662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       158662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       158662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       158662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123652.501475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123652.501475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107648.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107648.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123035.225184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123035.225184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123035.225184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123035.225184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     49498524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49498524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     49498524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49498524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     49498524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49498524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101431.401639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101431.401639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101431.401639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101431.401639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101431.401639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101431.401639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              508.357070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753890832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1461028.744186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.357070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.029418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         119695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        119695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5142842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5142842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5142842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5142842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5142842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5142842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       119726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       119726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165898.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165898.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165898.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165898.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165898.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165898.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4388023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4388023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4388023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4388023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4388023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4388023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168770.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168770.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168770.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168770.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168770.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168770.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125625352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             90443.017999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   189.633478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    66.366522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.740756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.259244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         163475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        163475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    334183171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334183171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     87201466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87201466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    421384637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    421384637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    421384637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    421384637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        93178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       166463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       166463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.026852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 133566.415268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133566.415268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 179426.884774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179426.884774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 141025.648260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141025.648260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 141025.648260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141025.648260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    128042336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128042336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10565015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10565015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    138607351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138607351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    138607351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138607351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120002.189316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120002.189316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160075.984848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160075.984848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122336.585172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122336.585172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122336.585172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122336.585172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              466.894828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753574620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1563432.821577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.894828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5840598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5840598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5840598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5840598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5840598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5840598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162238.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162238.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162238.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162238.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162238.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162238.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4620937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4620937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4620937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4620937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4620937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4620937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171145.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171145.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171145.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171145.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171145.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171145.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              109420213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             168858.353395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   141.298437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   114.701563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.551947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.448053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        98093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         170121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        170121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    109507822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109507822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1275744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1275744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110783566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110783566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110783566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110783566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        99091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       171131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       171131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109727.276553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109727.276553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       106312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109686.699010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109686.699010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109686.699010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109686.699010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     39300417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39300417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       267010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       267010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     39567427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39567427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     39567427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39567427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101029.349614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101029.349614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89003.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89003.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100937.313776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100937.313776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100937.313776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100937.313776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              499.921727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1479551.400394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.921727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.039939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8026595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8026595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8026595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8026595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8026595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8026595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 211226.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211226.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 211226.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211226.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 211226.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211226.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7041359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7041359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7041359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7041359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7041359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7041359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 220042.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 220042.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 220042.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 220042.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 220042.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 220042.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113322282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             171960.974203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   143.516639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   112.483361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.560612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.439388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        84735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       155124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         155124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       155124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        155124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    154853568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154853568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1344883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1344883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    156198451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156198451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    156198451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156198451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        85984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123982.040032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123982.040032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 74715.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74715.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123282.123915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123282.123915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123282.123915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123282.123915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42412092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42412092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42604980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42604980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42604980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42604980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106030.230000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106030.230000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105719.553350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105719.553350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105719.553350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105719.553350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.453021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753890920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1466713.852140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.453021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.027970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         119783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        119783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4748812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4748812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4748812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       119810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       119810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175881.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175881.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175881.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175881.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175881.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175881.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4064932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4064932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4064932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4064932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4064932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4064932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169372.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169372.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169372.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169372.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169372.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169372.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125625358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             90966.950036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   189.564494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    66.435506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.740486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.259514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        90650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        72830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         163480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        163480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    326245192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    326245192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86585248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86585248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    412830440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    412830440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    412830440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    412830440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        73323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       166438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       166438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.026473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 132350.990669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132350.990669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 175629.306288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175629.306288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 139564.043272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139564.043272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 139564.043272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139564.043272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    127221600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127221600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10352469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10352469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    137574069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137574069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    137574069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137574069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120133.711048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120133.711048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 156855.590909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156855.590909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122288.061333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122288.061333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122288.061333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122288.061333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
