
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001083                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1083071181                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400285212609                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 428079                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   559217                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39494                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67613320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27423.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11739615302                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335945882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        45568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        18304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        78848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        78080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        26368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        78080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               652416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       292480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            292480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2954561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     26000138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3663656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     42072950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3072744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     18200096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3427291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     18791009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3190926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17963732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1536372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     71854926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2954561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     25291043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2836379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23636489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3072744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24936496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1300007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     16900090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1300007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     15600083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1536372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     72800386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1536372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     72091291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3427291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19381921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3072744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24345584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1536372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     72091291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               602375921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2954561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3663656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3072744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3427291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3190926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1536372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2954561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2836379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3072744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1300007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1300007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1536372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1536372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3427291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3072744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1536372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40418396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         270046886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              270046886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         270046886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2954561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     26000138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3663656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     42072950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3072744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     18200096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3427291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     18791009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3190926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17963732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1536372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     71854926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2954561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     25291043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2836379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23636489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3072744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24936496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1300007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     16900090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1300007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     15600083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1536372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     72800386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1536372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     72091291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3427291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19381921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3072744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24345584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1536372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     72091291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              872422807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210013                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21319                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007377                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210013                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101007                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        68507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21981                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2379542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2117404     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27796      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32369      1.36%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17756      0.75%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19802      0.83%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11733      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7735      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20768      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         124179      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2379542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080858                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461799                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1990229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        86317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259670                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2203                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34220                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          402                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2208                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1993978                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         16642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        60094                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2032114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6802847                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6802847                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         329015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          387                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           27619                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75508                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1902                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457323                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1967                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200796                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2379542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804178     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230713      9.70%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124678      5.24%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86077      3.62%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75243      3.16%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38571      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9486      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6116      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4480      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2379542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           344     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1370     44.74%     55.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1348     44.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145041     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21306      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126444      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74738      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367695                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.526585                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3062                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658552                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342822                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27592                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1225                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457719                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75508                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          221                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          850                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13093                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25136                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345801                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193174                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187702                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74693                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.518155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1342909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342822                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2093105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.517008                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230835                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2338423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837226     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232572      9.95%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97456      4.17%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58375      2.50%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40235      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26266      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13763      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10808      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21722      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2338423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3774412                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                217752                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.597289                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.597289                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.385017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.385017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6068535                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1865589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364388                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         202177                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88482                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70279                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2124427                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1269253                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            202177                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        81165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              250022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         39642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        54319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          123735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12386                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2455576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2205554     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8635      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18273      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7458      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          40917      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          36753      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6877      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14875      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         116234      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2455576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.488683                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2111737                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        67471                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          248921                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          860                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        26583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17834                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1486816                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1380                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        26583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2114638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         46779                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          246993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         7510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1484600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            6                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1749717                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6985648                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6985648                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1513927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         235790                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           97                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           20969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       348164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       174874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1565                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8493                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1479526                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1411620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1057                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       135136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       328382                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2455576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1953531     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150467      6.13%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123704      5.04%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53348      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67526      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65066      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37122      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2961      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1851      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2455576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3509     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27611     86.42%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          830      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       887860     62.90%     62.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12217      0.87%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337335     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174125     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1411620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.543496                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31950                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022634                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5311823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1397425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1443570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1900                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        26583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         42748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1860                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1479715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1243                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7800                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        14313                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1400285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       336026                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             510096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         183224                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           174070                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.539132                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1397559                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1397425                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          755648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1489671                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.538031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1321720                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158076                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2428993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949343     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175303      7.22%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82069      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81143      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21896      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94343      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7239      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5139      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12518      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2428993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1125011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1321720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               503912                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              330938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           174517                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1175188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12729                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12518                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3896258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2986190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48107                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                141718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1125011                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1321720                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1125011                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.308683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.308683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.433147                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.433147                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6916876                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1626819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1763933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         214425                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175468                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82154                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2054904                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1199650                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            214425                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       103794                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              249058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         62257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        45979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          127162                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2389430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2140372     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          11408      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18101      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          24289      1.02%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          25615      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          21761      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11561      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18207      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         118116      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2389430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082557                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461885                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2034179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        67166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          248452                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        35067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1470015                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2040110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         12943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        41256                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          242892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12941                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1468752                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2050416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6829011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6829011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1747875                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         302520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           40635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       138187                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        73853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        18059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465997                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1383209                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432388                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2389430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804563     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240142     10.05%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121913      5.10%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92201      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72127      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28961      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18629      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9601      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1293      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2389430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     11.87%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          912     37.09%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     51.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1163607     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20566      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          172      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125401      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73463      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1383209                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.532558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2459                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001778                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5158588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1360573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1385668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2819                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         10246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1147                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466357                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138187                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362703                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117915                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             191358                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         193299                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            73443                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524663                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1360656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1360573                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          781786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2106806                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523843                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371076                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1019143                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212216                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2350151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835029     78.08%     78.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255590     10.88%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96592      4.11%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45566      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38836      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22379      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19580      0.83%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8688      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27891      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2350151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1019143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1254135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               186017                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              113669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           180801                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1130020                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        25840                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        27891                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3788598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2972001                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32768                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                207864                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1019143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1254135                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1019143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.548508                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.548508                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392386                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392386                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6131141                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1896778                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1362749                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2597287                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         214573                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175613                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87231                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82225                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053681                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1200544                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            214573                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       103873                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              249267                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        47137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          127084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2389780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2140513     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11488      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18079      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          24252      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25686      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21750      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11636      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18023      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         118353      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2389780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082614                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2032867                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        68413                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          248645                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39484                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1471244                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1271                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39484                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2038851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13517                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        41796                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          243040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1469923                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2051391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6834189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6834189                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1746482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         304909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           41065                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       138410                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        73755                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          867                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        18007                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1467054                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1383157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2389780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805404     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239721     10.03%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121730      5.09%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92072      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72331      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28991      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18583      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9601      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1347      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2389780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          911     36.88%     48.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1262     51.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1163705     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20534      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          172      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125346      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73400      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1383157                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532539                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5158856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1647995                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1360538                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1385627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2912                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24848                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39484                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1467416                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138410                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73755                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          990                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12298                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13233                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362683                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117858                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             191241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         193167                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73383                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524656                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1360618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1360538                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          781738                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2107569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523830                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370919                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1018343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2350296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835656     78.10%     78.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255310     10.86%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96405      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45653      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38784      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22382      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19589      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8665      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27852      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2350296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1018343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1253130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               185849                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              113562                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           180656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1129119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25822                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27852                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3789853                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2974335                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32809                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                207507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1018343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1253130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1018343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.550503                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.550503                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6131140                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1896323                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1363539                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         214123                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175302                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81812                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21601                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1027                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053612                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1197840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            214123                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103413                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              248534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        47122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          127214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22530                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2389219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2140685     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11487      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17959      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23981      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25599      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21672      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11613      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18237      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         117986      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2389219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461188                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2032915                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        68265                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          247923                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34963                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1467943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2038898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13560                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        41652                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          242326                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13031                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1466664                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2046892                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6819050                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6819050                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1741914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         304936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           41036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       138093                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        73577                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17952                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1463860                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1380351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2389219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805935     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239422     10.02%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121513      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91804      3.84%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72100      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28909      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18564      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9614      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1358      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2389219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           281     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          910     37.13%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1260     51.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1161491     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20491      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125006      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73192      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1380351                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2451                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5152667                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357450                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2719                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24812                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10845                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1155                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1464221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138093                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73577                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12420                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359596                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             190678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         192709                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73172                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523466                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1357532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1357450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          780202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2103337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522640                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370935                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1015608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1249841                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214350                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2349476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1836182     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254669     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96151      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45510      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38553      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22461      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19548      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8681      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27721      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2349476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1015608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1249841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               185364                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              113279                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           180212                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1126116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3785933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2968169                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32934                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                208075                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1015608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1249841                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1015608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.557378                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.557378                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391025                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391025                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6117045                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1892314                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1360302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2597213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         201134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82042                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76725                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20080                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          969                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957261                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1190901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            201134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        96805                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              244310                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         66973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        62212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          122302                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21540                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2308512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2064202     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          12790      0.55%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20536      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          31102      1.35%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12863      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          14760      0.64%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          15616      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          11247      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         125396      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2308512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.458530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1932632                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        87524                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          242527                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        44405                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32621                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1444102                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        44405                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1937576                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         43533                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        28763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          239093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        15133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1441078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         7694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          946                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1972144                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6718840                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6718840                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1624785                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         347147                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          307                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           44429                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       145869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        80439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1436189                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          307                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340686                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2047                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220265                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       507631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2308512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1736817     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231957     10.05%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128413      5.56%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84121      3.64%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76792      3.33%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23609      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17129      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5839      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3835      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2308512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           363     10.86%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1435     42.93%     53.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1545     46.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1104129     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24688      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          148      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132661      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79060      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340686                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.516202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3343                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002493                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4995274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1656821                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1315950                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1344029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5017                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1071                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        44405                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         31801                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1685                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1436496                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          877                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13217                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1320958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125711                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             204617                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            78906                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.508606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1316059                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1315950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          778841                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1976239                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.506678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       973936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1187620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21876                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2264107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1782936     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229013     10.11%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95260      4.21%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48494      2.14%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36402      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20867      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12875      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10668      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27592      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2264107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       973936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1187620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               190588                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              115174                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           164827                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1073836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23172                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27592                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3673985                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2919539                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 35121                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                288701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            973936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1187620                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       973936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.666718                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.666718                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.374993                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.374993                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5996223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1798500                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1368012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         195528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175714                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132847                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          532                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2075326                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1113886                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            195528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       139715                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              247452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         57121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        31417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          126940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16612                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2394068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2146616     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          38444      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18393      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          38054      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10672      0.45%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          35694      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5169      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8468      0.35%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          92558      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2394068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075281                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.428864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2035401                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        72106                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          246794                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1236649                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1674                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2040073                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         45783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13356                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          242795                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12566                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1233926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        10758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1608053                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5577400                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5577400                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1265949                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         342078                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           24876                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       231883                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        33363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          310                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1106                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       522482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2394068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1896161     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153629      6.42%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170234      7.11%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98111      4.10%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48721      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12627      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13929      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          353      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2394068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1866     56.87%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          795     24.23%     81.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          620     18.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884210     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8187      0.72%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209613     18.47%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32834      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134918                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.436962                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4668291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472908                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103250                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1376                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         26518                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231883                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10719                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7343                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18062                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119656                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206384                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             239193                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         170525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32809                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.431086                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1103685                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1103250                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          669852                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1425302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.424769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.469972                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       976107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249656                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16854                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2354576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1995291     84.74%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138306      5.87%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91618      3.89%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28048      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49195      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8915      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5786      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4986      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32431      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2354576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       874271                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       976107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               212209                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              180222                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           150640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          850295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        32431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3547895                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2491072                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 48087                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                203226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            874271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              976107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       874271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.970811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.970811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.336608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.336608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5215373                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1430473                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1323956                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         210103                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79919                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1000                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1199684                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            210103                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       101194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              262345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        65703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125367                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22006                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.971932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2118484     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          27757      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          32789      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          17702      0.74%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          19873      0.83%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11801      0.50%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7649      0.32%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20568      0.86%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         124206      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2380829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.080893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1993958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        83749                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          259754                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34059                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          401                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1463355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2203                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1997782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         16950                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        57023                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          258302                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9744                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1461276                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2032951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6802326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6802326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1707067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         325884                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           27918                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       140093                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1860                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457379                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1728                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198124                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       462995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804630     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231576      9.73%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124690      5.24%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85962      3.61%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75213      3.16%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38443      1.61%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9669      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6158      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4488      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1283     43.07%     54.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1349     45.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1146369     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21319      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126493      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74586      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.527061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2979                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002176                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5123402                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371912                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3443                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2156                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         11931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457775                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140093                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          220                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12182                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12965                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118552                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             193088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         187810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            74536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.518605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1344353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1344260                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          800424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2096072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.517562                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228089                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22212                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837435     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233196      9.97%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97453      4.17%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58613      2.51%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40370      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26371      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13795      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10923      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21649      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1002277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1229699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               186348                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              113137                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           175965                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1108633                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25013                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        21649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3775931                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2956607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                216465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1002277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1229699                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1002277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.591393                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.591393                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.385893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.385893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6075413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1868011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1364768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         195674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175909                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17073                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132812                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2076519                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1114568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            195674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       139805                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              247722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         56897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        32177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          126944                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16540                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2396140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2148418     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          38607      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18486      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          38181      1.59%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          10540      0.44%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          35661      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5103      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8550      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          92594      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2396140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.429127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2035542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        73906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          247071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39343                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        17229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1237230                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39343                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2040341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         47070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        13560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          242964                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12859                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1234495                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        11049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1609080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5579768                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5579768                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1267453                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         341591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           25353                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       232049                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        33274                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          339                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         7398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226116                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135849                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519978                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2396140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1897864     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153552      6.41%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170624      7.12%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98112      4.09%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48732      2.03%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12691      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13924      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          342      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          299      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2396140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1910     57.55%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          792     23.86%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          617     18.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884886     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8190      0.72%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209890     18.48%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32809      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135849                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.437320                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4672283                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472813                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          928                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51441                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39343                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         27284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1533                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226285                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       232049                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33274                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          395                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17937                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1120615                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206630                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             239418                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         170739                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            32788                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.431455                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1104816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1104420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          670720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1426585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.425219                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.470158                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       875545                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       977381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248946                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1997341     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138269      5.87%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91600      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28140      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49279      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8828      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5768      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4948      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32624      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       875545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       977381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               212587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              180600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           150856                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          851353                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        32624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3550487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2492057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 47983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                201154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            875545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              977381                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       875545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.966488                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.966488                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.337099                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.337099                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5220550                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1431650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1325069                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         234580                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195501                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23013                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89641                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24801                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2032353                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1285509                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            234580                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       108780                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              267162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         65055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        68674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          127880                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21938                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2142889     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          16248      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20136      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32723      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13438      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17868      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          20374      0.85%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9727      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         136648      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2410051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090317                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.494942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2020446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        81952                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          265808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41679                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        35402                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1570963                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41679                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2022936                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6207                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        69638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          263448                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1560539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2179940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7251902                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7251902                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1788595                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         391345                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           22142                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       147371                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        75301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        17177                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521481                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448324                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1797930     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278032     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114398      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64302      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86307      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27399      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26551      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13995      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9989     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.88%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220757     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19581      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132820      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74988      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448324                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.557628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12670                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5321102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407959                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31120                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41679                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147371                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             205128                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         200310                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.547159                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1407974                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1407959                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          843397                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2266526                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.542087                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1282114                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        23039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2368372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824838     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275961     11.65%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100168      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49626      2.10%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45154      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19185      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19043      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9036      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25361      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2368372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1040359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1282114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               190173                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              116251                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           185806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1154400                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        26496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        25361                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3864865                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3085388                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                187243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1040359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1282114                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1040359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.496536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.496536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.400555                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.400555                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6391531                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1969739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1450319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         234773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84044                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2033863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1286597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            234773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       108864                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              267381                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         65099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        67960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          127974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21952                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2143713     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          16257      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20150      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          32753      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13449      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          17882      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          20395      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9731      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         136764      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2411094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.495361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2021948                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        81247                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          266026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        35425                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1572272                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2024439                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          6238                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        68897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          263665                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6141                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1561835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2181800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7257943                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7257943                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1790130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         391627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           22159                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       147478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        75354                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17195                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522740                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1449517                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206526                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1798482     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278257     11.54%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114483      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64343      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86388      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27418      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26575      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14011      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9999     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.88%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221778     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19605      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132915      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75041      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1449517                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.558087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12680                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5324541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729637                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409122                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1462197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1523105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75354                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13450                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26392                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422306                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130255                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             205276                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         200476                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75021                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.547611                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1409137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1409122                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          844116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2268430                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.542535                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283185                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2369387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825399     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276192     11.66%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100254      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49662      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45191      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19203      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19062      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9044      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25380      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2369387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1041236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1283185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               190312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              116337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           185964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1155358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        25380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3867091                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3087905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32780                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                186200                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1041236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1283185                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1041236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.494434                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.494434                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.400893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.400893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6396800                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1971415                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1451519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         201647                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164515                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21359                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82308                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77075                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20109                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956620                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1193193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            201647                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        97184                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              244912                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         66914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        61539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          122158                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21426                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2307857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2062945     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          12856      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20737      0.90%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          31017      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          12840      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          14985      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          15859      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          11147      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         125471      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2307857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1931925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        86927                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          243097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        44462                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        32640                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1446627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        44462                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1936786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         41171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        30772                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          239813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        14844                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1443753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         7713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          731                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1975682                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6730511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6730511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1627450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         348223                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           43718                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       146031                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        80857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15593                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439043                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2036                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2307857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1735616     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232197     10.06%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128218      5.56%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84301      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77010      3.34%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23672      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17122      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5847      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3874      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2307857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           374     11.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1458     42.89%     53.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1567     46.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105475     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24711      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132871      9.90%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79383      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.516918                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002532                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4998470                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1661490                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1318054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1345988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6460                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30690                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5321                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1090                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        44462                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         29545                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439355                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146031                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13175                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24829                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1323005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125866                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             205112                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         179280                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            79246                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.509378                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1318154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1318054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          779901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1978692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.507472                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.394150                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       975551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1189495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250985                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21760                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2263395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1781700     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229316     10.13%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95186      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48605      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36486      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20758      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12903      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10688      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27753      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2263395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       975551                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1189495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               190875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              115339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           165059                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1075533                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23196                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        27753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3676122                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2925434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 34850                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                289437                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            975551                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1189495                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       975551                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.662387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.662387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.375603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.375603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6005769                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1800969                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1370835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         201818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164573                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21395                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82440                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76957                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20085                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959358                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1194710                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            201818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        97042                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              245090                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         66912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        61320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          122371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21450                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2065413     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          12904      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20618      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          30990      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12917      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          14960      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          15812      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11166      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         125723      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2310503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1934686                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        86685                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          243285                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        44410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        32743                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1448452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        44410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1939622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         39902                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        31361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          239882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1445406                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1977966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6738610                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6738610                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1631024                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         346935                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           44466                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       146169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        80902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4047                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440613                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          315                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1344784                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508545                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737349     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232491     10.06%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128579      5.56%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84381      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76966      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23760      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17329      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5830      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3818      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           370     11.05%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1432     42.77%     53.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1546     46.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107490     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24774      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132936      9.89%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79435      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1344784                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.517763                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002490                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5005401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1661786                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1320222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1348132                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5240                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1070                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        44410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         28345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1640                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24912                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1325250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             205381                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         179669                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            79276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.510243                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1320310                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1320222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          781412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1982480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.508307                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394159                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       977577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1191985                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250058                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2266093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1783255     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229847     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95527      4.22%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48717      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36590      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20741      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12892      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10676      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27848      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2266093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       977577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1191985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               191221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              115559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           165431                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1077753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23242                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        27848                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3680288                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2928511                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 35037                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                286791                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            977577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1191985                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       977577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.656869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.656869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.376383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.376383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6015587                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1804150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1372468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         213958                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175111                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87187                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82211                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1196658                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            213958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       103769                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              248619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         62329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        46834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          127132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22418                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2388690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2140071     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11487      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18115      0.76%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          24268      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25614      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          21567      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11621      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18140      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         117807      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2388690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082377                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460733                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2033131                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        67958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          247976                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39244                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34969                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1466428                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39244                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2039052                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         13541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        41436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          242435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12973                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1465036                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2044797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6811648                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6811648                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1743885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         300907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           40633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       137863                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        73627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          833                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17953                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1380047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          290                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2388690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805089     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239591     10.03%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121673      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92093      3.86%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71979      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28854      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18563      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9517      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1331      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2388690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           281     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          913     37.25%     48.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1257     51.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1161129     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20476      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125014      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73257      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1380047                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2451                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5151525                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1640060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24453                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39244                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137863                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13217                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359575                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117541                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             190775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192861                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            73234                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523458                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1357536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1357459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          779838                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2102127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522644                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370976                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1016763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1251287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211273                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22648                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2349446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835550     78.13%     78.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254944     10.85%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96423      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45435      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38646      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22391      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19574      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8655      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27828      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2349446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1016763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1251287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               185578                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              113410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           180429                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1127430                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25791                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        27828                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3784165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2964377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32862                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                208604                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1016763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1251287                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1016763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.554473                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.554473                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391470                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391470                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6116708                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1892390                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1359229                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         195799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176007                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132863                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128914                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2076147                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1115234                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            195799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       139553                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              247659                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         57050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        31903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          126916                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2395534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2147875     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          38639      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18317      0.76%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          38083      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10645      0.44%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          35520      1.48%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5139      0.21%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8514      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92802      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2395534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.429383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2036415                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        72411                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          246985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39445                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1237799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39445                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2041100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         45453                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        13936                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          242965                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1235074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        10809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1610251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5582155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5582155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1267064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         343151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       231905                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        33258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226644                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247300                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       523540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2395534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1897715     79.22%     79.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153246      6.40%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170349      7.11%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98208      4.10%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48756      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12624      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14001      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          341      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2395534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1904     57.64%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          785     23.77%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          614     18.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884865     77.93%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8176      0.72%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209545     18.45%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32797      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135457                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.437169                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002909                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4670872                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1474129                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1271                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39445                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         26474                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1511                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231905                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10626                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7422                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18048                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1120323                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206452                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             239227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         170682                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            32775                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.431342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1104486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1104100                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          670507                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1426142                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.425096                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.470154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       875215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       977051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1996727     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138239      5.87%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91624      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28097      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49252      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8796      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5813      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4921      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32620      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       875215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       977051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               212490                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              180503                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           150799                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          851080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        32620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3550308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2493208                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 47982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                201760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            875215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              977051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       875215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.967607                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.967607                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336972                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336972                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5218819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1431572                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1325511                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2597294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         201952                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76806                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20196                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1960898                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1195304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            201952                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        97002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              245117                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         66761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        59457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          122406                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21425                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2064997     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12884      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20540      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          31040      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12866      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          15134      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15565      0.67%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          11206      0.49%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         125882      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2310114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460211                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1935734                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        85272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          243423                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        44318                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1449409                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        44318                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1940600                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         39803                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        30011                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          240031                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15342                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1446646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1373                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1979770                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6744771                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6744771                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1632837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         346933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           43976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       146209                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        80872                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15627                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441892                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1346864                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221041                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       505564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1736399     75.17%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232560     10.07%     85.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128693      5.57%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84302      3.65%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77427      3.35%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23698      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17287      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5892      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3856      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1456     42.82%     54.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1556     45.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109255     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24827      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133157      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79476      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1346864                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.518564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3400                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002524                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5009242                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1663304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1322035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1350264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5132                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1084                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        44318                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         28244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442205                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146209                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80872                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          844                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11526                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1327033                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126148                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             205481                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         179882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            79333                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.510929                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1322138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1322035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          782683                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1986269                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.509005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       978637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193300                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250125                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2265796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1782577     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230082     10.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95491      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48747      2.15%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36586      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20775      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12925      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10678      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27935      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2265796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       978637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1193300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               191417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              115677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           165621                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1078931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        23267                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        27935                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3681286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2931176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 35040                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                287180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            978637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1193300                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       978637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.653991                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.653991                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.376791                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.376791                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6023904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1806724                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1373175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           5116                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32737.608863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           585559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          15.470106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1593.770777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.209646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   122.588373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.603463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.400107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.643761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    73.063955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.869437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    75.704497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.681215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    72.820276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.638903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   270.315233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.554373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   118.523260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.251656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   112.303407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.693557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   116.783716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    10.765075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    68.867521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.765866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    62.206534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.618261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   282.120926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.632374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   271.187533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.858237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    76.985388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.880510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   114.526847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.619750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   271.813209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1591.561603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2120.906617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1292.791333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1316.816394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1297.441984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2468.797345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1968.688143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1649.506569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1927.561122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1033.336181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1061.809991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2522.062788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2528.539926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1289.988613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1950.358778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2535.173834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.048638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.006177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.008249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.008610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.008276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.008295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.048571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.064725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.039453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.040186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.039595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.075342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.060080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.050339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.058824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.031535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.032404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.076967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.077165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.039367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.059520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.077367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          360                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3832931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     32826405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4689886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53093741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4272225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23199314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4530024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23919156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4110491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23058418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2053178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83440695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3775835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32016689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3647667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30187234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4043847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31578001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1618711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21598089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1556805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20076091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2122720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     84047429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2263296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83669879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4414481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24400940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4017552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30946906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1922347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83435468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       734366451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       297197                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       132742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8191823                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8624585                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8137349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       149951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8275197                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      33808844                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3832931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33123602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4689886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53226483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4272225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23199314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4530024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23919156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4110491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23058418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2053178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91632518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3775835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32016689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3647667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30187234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4043847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31578001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1618711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21598089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1556805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20076091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2122720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92672014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2263296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91807228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4414481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24550891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4017552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30946906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1922347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     91710665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        768175295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3832931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33123602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4689886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53226483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4272225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23199314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4530024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23919156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4110491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23058418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2053178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91632518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3775835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32016689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3647667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30187234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4043847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31578001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1618711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21598089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1556805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20076091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2122720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92672014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2263296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91807228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4414481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24550891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4017552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30946906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1922347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     91710665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       768175295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.378472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.395522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.530029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.390710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.529356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.530534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.408521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.362676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.531100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.460731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.892857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.379310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.383085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.553442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.372174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.369527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.390710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.553459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.553539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.554545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.470784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.379310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.383085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.553442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.372174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.369527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.390710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.553459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.553539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.554545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.470784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153317.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150579.839450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151286.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149559.833803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164316.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150644.896104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156207.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150434.943396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152240.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151700.118421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157936.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150073.192446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151033.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149610.696262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151986.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150936.170000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155532.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149658.772512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147155.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151035.587413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 141527.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152091.598485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163286.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150353.182469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174099.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150485.393885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152223.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149699.018405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154521.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150227.699029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147872.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150334.176577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150639.272000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148598.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       132742                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 148942.236364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151308.508772                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150691.648148                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       149951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150458.127273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150261.528889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153317.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150561.827273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151286.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149512.592697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164316.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150644.896104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156207.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150434.943396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152240.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151700.118421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157936.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149971.387889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151033.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149610.696262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151986.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150936.170000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155532.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149658.772512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147155.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151035.587413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 141527.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152091.598485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163286.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150441.581169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174099.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150503.652459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152223.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149700.554878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154521.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150227.699029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147872.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150345.352459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150622.606863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153317.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150561.827273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151286.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149512.592697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164316.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150644.896104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156207.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150434.943396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152240.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151700.118421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157936.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149971.387889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151033.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149610.696262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151986.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150936.170000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155532.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149658.772512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147155.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151035.587413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 141527.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152091.598485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163286.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150441.581169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174099.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150503.652459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152223.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149700.554878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154521.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150227.699029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147872.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150345.352459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150622.606863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            225                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2379068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20132602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2884366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32426861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2762849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14234296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2844628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14668375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2539966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14217223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1297639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51263779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2321350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     19553205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2251773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18538731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2528817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19292718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       977907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13272810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       915699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12389150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1366851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51506931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1508607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51305743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2730816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14912071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2505239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     18946791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1167862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51134754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450779477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       181039                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        74267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4991133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5307364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4994158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        91781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5073982                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20713724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2379068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20313641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2884366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32501128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2762849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14234296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2844628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14668375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2539966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14217223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1297639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     56254912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2321350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     19553205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2251773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18538731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2528817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19292718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       977907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13272810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       915699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12389150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1366851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     56814295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1508607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56299901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2730816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15003852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2505239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     18946791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1167862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56208736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    471493201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2379068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20313641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2884366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32501128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2762849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14234296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2844628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14668375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2539966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14217223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1297639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     56254912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2321350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     19553205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2251773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18538731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2528817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19292718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       977907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13272810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       915699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12389150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1366851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     56814295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1508607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56299901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2730816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15003852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2505239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     18946791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1167862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56208736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    471493201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.378472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.395522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.530029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.390710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.529356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.530534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.408521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.362676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.531100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.460731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.892857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.383085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.553442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.372174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.369527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.390710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.553459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.553539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.554545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.470784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.383085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.392593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.553442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.372174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.369527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.390710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.553459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.553539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.407960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.554545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.470784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95162.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92351.385321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93044.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91343.270423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106263.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92430.493506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98090.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92253.930818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94072.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93534.361842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99818.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92201.041367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst        92854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91370.116822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93823.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92693.655000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97262.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91434.682464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88900.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92816.853147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 83245.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93857.196970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105142.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92141.200358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 116046.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92276.516187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94166.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91485.098160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96355.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91974.713592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89835.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92134.691892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92467.585026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90519.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        74267                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 90747.872727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93111.649123                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92484.407407                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        91781                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92254.218182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92060.995556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95162.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92334.731818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93044.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91295.303371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106263.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92430.493506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98090.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92253.930818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94072.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93534.361842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99818.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92070.232406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst        92854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91370.116822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93823.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92693.655000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97262.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91434.682464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88900.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92816.853147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 83245.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93857.196970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105142.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92230.998377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 116046.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92294.919672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94166.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91486.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96355.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91974.713592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89835.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92145.468852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92449.647255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95162.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92334.731818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93044.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91295.303371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106263.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92430.493506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98090.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92253.930818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94072.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93534.361842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99818.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92070.232406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst        92854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91370.116822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93823.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92693.655000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97262.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91434.682464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88900.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92816.853147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 83245.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93857.196970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105142.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92230.998377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 116046.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92294.919672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94166.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91486.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96355.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91974.713592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89835.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92145.468852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92449.647255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              507.170580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1476640.055118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.170580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5840600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5840600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5840600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5840600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5840600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5840600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176987.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176987.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176987.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176987.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176987.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176987.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4676545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4676545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4676545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4676545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4676545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4676545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179867.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179867.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179867.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179867.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179867.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179867.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141391.569378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   183.703486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    72.296514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.717592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.282408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    243413414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243413414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7692271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7692271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    251105685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251105685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    251105685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251105685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124635.644649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124635.644649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118342.630769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118342.630769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124432.945986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124432.945986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124432.945986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124432.945986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59875289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59875289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       441997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       441997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     60317286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60317286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     60317286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60317286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103950.154514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103950.154514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110499.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110499.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103995.320690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103995.320690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103995.320690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103995.320690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              566.961822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              768707026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1336881.784348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.241714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.720109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.040451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         123694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        123694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6220386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6220386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6220386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6220386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6220386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6220386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       123735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       123735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151716.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151716.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151716.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151716.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151716.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151716.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5051818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5051818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5051818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5051818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5051818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5051818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157869.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157869.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157869.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157869.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157869.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157869.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              289308306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             263246.866242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.396361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.603639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.435142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.564858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       317196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       172787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       489983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         489983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       489983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        489983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    350518893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    350518893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1041103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1041103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    351559996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    351559996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    351559996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    351559996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       320149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       492945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       492945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118699.252624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118699.252624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115678.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115678.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118690.072924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118690.072924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118690.072924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118690.072924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     90877735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90877735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       282442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       282442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91160177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91160177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91160177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91160177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108187.779762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108187.779762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94147.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94147.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108137.813760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108137.813760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108137.813760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108137.813760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              489.724743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              749561074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1493149.549801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.724743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.023597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         127131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        127131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5657057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5657057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5657057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5657057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5657057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5657057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       127162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       127162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182485.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182485.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182485.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182485.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182485.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182485.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5045174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5045174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5045174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5045174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5045174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5045174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 186858.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186858.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 186858.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186858.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 186858.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186858.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              113238450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             172094.908815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   139.383619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   116.616381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.544467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.455533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       158578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         158578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       158578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        158578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156050629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156050629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1313020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1313020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    157363649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    157363649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    157363649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    157363649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        87847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        72010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       159857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       159857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000222                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123555.525732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123555.525732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82063.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82063.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123036.473026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123036.473026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123036.473026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123036.473026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42121459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42121459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       199552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42321011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42321011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42321011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42321011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105567.566416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105567.566416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66517.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66517.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105276.146766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105276.146766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105276.146766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105276.146766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.948870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749560992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1484279.192079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.948870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         127049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        127049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6048712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6048712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6048712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6048712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6048712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6048712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       127084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       127084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172820.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172820.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172820.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172820.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172820.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172820.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5277797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5277797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5277797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5277797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5277797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5277797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175926.566667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175926.566667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175926.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175926.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175926.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175926.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113238266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             171313.564297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   139.322615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   116.677385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.544229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.455771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         158394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        158394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    157466039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157466039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1899773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1899773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    159365812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159365812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    159365812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159365812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        87728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124184.573344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124184.573344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126651.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126651.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124213.415433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124213.415433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124213.415433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124213.415433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42942581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42942581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       288750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       288750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43231331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43231331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43231331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43231331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106822.340796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106822.340796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        96250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        96250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106744.027160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106744.027160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106744.027160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106744.027160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.758815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749561123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490181.159046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.758815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         127180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        127180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5358330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5358330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5358330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5358330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5358330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5358330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       127214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       127214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157597.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157597.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157597.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157597.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157597.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157597.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4706809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4706809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4706809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4706809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4706809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4706809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168100.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168100.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168100.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168100.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168100.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168100.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113237949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             172618.824695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   139.317731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   116.682269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.544210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.455790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       158081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         158081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       158081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        158081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156107310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156107310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1158094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1158094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157265404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    157265404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157265404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    157265404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123698.343899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123698.343899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        82721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123248.749216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123248.749216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123248.749216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123248.749216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42076453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42076453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42268753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42268753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42268753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42268753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105986.027708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105986.027708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105671.882500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105671.882500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105671.882500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105671.882500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              502.638205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753314132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1497642.409543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.638205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.020254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         122288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        122288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2387728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2387728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2387728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2387728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2387728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2387728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       122302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       122302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       170552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       170552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       170552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       170552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       170552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       170552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2171676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2171676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2171676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2171676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2171676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2171676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       167052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       167052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       167052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 1101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125533226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             92507.904200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   194.079555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    61.920445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.758123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.241877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        92271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        74612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       166883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         166883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       166883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        166883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          407                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          407                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    333072295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333072295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     73448836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73448836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    406521131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406521131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    406521131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406521131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        94788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        75019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       169807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       169807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.026554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005425                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005425                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.017220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.017220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 132329.080254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132329.080254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 180463.970516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180463.970516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 139029.114569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139029.114569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 139029.114569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139029.114569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    124292573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124292573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8800813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8800813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    133093386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133093386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    133093386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133093386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118486.723546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118486.723546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160014.781818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160014.781818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120555.603261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120555.603261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120555.603261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120555.603261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.553390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              646510470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1171214.619565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.438374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.115016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         126909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        126909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4884057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4884057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4884057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4884057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4884057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4884057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       126940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       126940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157550.225806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157550.225806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157550.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157550.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157550.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157550.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4162785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4162785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4162785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4162785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4162785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4162785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160107.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160107.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160107.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160107.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160107.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160107.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151271556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             182035.566787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.691030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.308970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.592543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.407457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       189974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         221785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        221785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    210817574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210817574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1401932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1401932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    212219506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212219506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    212219506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212219506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       191907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       223733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       223733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109062.376617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109062.376617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93462.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93462.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108942.251540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108942.251540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108942.251540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108942.251540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59275490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59275490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       223316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       223316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59498806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59498806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59498806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59498806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103628.479021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103628.479021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 74438.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74438.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103476.184348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103476.184348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103476.184348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103476.184348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              506.212935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750133298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1479552.856016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.212935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.038803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5396756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5396756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5396756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5396756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5396756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5396756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174088.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174088.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174088.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174088.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174088.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174088.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4420437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4420437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4420437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4420437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4420437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4420437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176817.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176817.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176817.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176817.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176817.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176817.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              118203526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             141391.777512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   183.643805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    72.356195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.717359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.282641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        86648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        72779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       159427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         159427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       159427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        159427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    240342899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240342899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7428275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7428275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    247771174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    247771174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    247771174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    247771174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        88613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       161457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       161457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122311.907888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122311.907888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114281.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114281.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122054.765517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122054.765517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122054.765517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122054.765517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     58218855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58218855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     58411222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58411222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     58411222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58411222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100899.228769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100899.228769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64122.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64122.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100709.003448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100709.003448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100709.003448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100709.003448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              549.692503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              646510472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1169096.694394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.577301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.115201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.039387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         126911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       126911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        126911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5129274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5129274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5129274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5129274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5129274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5129274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       126944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       126944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       126944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155432.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155432.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155432.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155432.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155432.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155432.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4416681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4416681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4416681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4416681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4416681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4416681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163580.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163580.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163580.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163580.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163580.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163580.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151271738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             182916.249093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   151.791551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   104.208449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.592936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.407064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       190156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       221967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         221967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       221967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        221967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    212374149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212374149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1367536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1367536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213741685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213741685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213741685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213741685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       192112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       223938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       223938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108575.740798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108575.740798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91169.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91169.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108443.269914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108443.269914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108443.269914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108443.269914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           55                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              55                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     58775177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58775177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       226108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       226108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59001285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59001285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     59001285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59001285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103477.424296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103477.424296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 75369.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75369.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103329.746060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103329.746060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103329.746060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103329.746060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              465.764478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753004118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1615888.665236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    10.764478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.017251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         127866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        127866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2107363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2107363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2107363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2107363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2107363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2107363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       127880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       127880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150525.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150525.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150525.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150525.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150525.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150525.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1718092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1718092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1718092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1718092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1718092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1718092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156190.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156190.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156190.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156190.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156190.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156190.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              109335828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             175781.073955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   129.719118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   126.280882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.506715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.493285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       100020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        73566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       173586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         173586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       173586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        173586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    107029836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107029836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    107029836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107029836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    107029836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107029836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       100964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       174530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       174530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113379.063559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113379.063559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113379.063559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113379.063559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113379.063559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113379.063559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38181500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38181500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38181500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38181500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38181500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38181500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104321.038251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104321.038251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104321.038251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104321.038251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104321.038251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104321.038251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              465.765268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              753004212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1615888.866953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.765268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.017252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         127960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        127960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2013228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2013228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2013228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2013228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2013228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2013228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       127974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       127974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       143802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       143802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       143802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       143802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       143802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       143802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1656477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1656477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1656477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1656477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1656477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1656477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150588.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150588.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150588.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150588.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150588.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150588.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              109335949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             175781.268489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   129.787776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   126.212224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.506984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.493016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       100088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        73619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       173707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         173707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       173707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        173707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    105299228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105299228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    105299228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    105299228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    105299228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    105299228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       101032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       174651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       174651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111545.792373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111545.792373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111545.792373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111545.792373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111545.792373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111545.792373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37335525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37335525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37335525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37335525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37335525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37335525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102009.631148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102009.631148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102009.631148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102009.631148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102009.631148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102009.631148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              502.617470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753313988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1497642.123260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.617470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       122144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       122144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         122144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       122144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        122144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2561720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2561720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2561720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2561720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2561720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2561720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       122158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       122158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       122158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       122158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       122158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       182980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       182980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       182980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       182980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       182980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       182980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2336890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2336890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2336890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2336890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2336890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2336890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179760.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179760.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179760.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179760.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179760.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179760.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 1113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              125533340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             91697.107378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   194.742176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    61.257824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.760712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.239288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        92284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        74710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       166994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         166994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       166994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        166994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    331407924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    331407924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     77137203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77137203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    408545127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    408545127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    408545127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    408545127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        94796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        75137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       169933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       169933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.026499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131929.906051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131929.906051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 180649.187354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180649.187354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 139008.209255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139008.209255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 139008.209255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139008.209255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1826                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1826                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125198405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125198405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9290427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9290427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    134488832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134488832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    134488832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134488832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000759                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000759                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118559.095644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118559.095644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162989.947368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162989.947368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120834.530099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120834.530099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120834.530099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120834.530099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              502.631616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753314201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1497642.546720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.631616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         122357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       122357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        122357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2671655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2671655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2671655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2671655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2671655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2671655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       122371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       122371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       122371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190832.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190832.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190832.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190832.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190832.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190832.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2443005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2443005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2443005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187923.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187923.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187923.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187923.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187923.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187923.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125533660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             92440.103093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   192.869651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    63.130349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.753397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.246603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        92461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        74851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       167312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         167312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       167312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        167312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    333761590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333761590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     73721210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73721210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    407482800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    407482800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    407482800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    407482800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        94965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        75263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       170228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       170228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.026368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 133291.369808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133291.369808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 178934.975728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178934.975728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139740.329218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139740.329218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139740.329218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139740.329218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1814                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1814                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    125161002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125161002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8666152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8666152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    133827154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133827154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    133827154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133827154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119428.437023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119428.437023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160484.296296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160484.296296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121440.248639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121440.248639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121440.248639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121440.248639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              490.016769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749561037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1481345.922925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.016769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.024065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         127094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        127094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6462922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6462922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6462922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6462922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6462922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6462922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       127132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       127132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170076.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170076.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170076.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170076.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170076.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170076.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5553243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5553243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5553243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5553243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5553243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5553243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179136.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179136.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179136.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179136.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179136.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179136.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              113238007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             172094.235562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   139.348807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   116.651193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.544331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.455669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        71813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       158134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         158134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       158134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        158134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    158279243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158279243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2543685                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2543685                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160822928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    160822928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160822928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    160822928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        87581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       159412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       159412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125618.446825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125618.446825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 141315.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141315.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125839.536776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125839.536776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125839.536776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125839.536776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42739301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42739301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       378769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       378769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43118070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43118070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43118070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43118070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107116.042607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107116.042607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126256.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126256.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107258.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107258.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107258.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107258.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              548.879519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              646510446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1169096.647378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.764144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.115374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         126885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        126885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5016921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5016921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5016921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5016921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5016921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5016921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       126916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       126916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161836.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161836.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161836.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161836.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161836.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161836.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4398076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4398076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4398076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4398076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4398076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4398076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162891.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162891.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162891.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162891.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162891.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162891.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151271586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             182916.065296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   151.657761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   104.342239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.592413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.407587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       190004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         221815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        221815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    207797097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207797097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1262736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    209059833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209059833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    209059833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    209059833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       191930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       223756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       223756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107890.496885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107890.496885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84182.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84182.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107707.281298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107707.281298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107707.281298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107707.281298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           55                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              55                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58243330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58243330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       212132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       212132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58455462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58455462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58455462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58455462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102541.073944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102541.073944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70710.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70710.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102373.838879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102373.838879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102373.838879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102373.838879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              502.619053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753314236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1497642.616302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.619053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         122392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        122392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2281214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2281214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2281214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2281214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2281214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2281214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       122406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       122406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162943.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162943.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162943.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162943.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162943.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162943.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2056136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2056136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2056136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2056136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2056136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2056136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158164.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158164.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158164.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158164.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158164.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158164.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125533684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             92576.463127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   192.541818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    63.458182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.752116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.247884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        92424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        74913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       167337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         167337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       167337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        167337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          428                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          428                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    326121920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    326121920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     75055510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75055510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    401177430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    401177430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    401177430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    401177430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        94889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       170230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       170230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.025978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 132300.981744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132300.981744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 175363.341121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175363.341121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 138671.769789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138671.769789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 138671.769789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138671.769789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    123807005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123807005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8880607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8880607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    132687612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132687612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    132687612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132687612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000730                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000730                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118475.602871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118475.602871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161465.581818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161465.581818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120625.101818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120625.101818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120625.101818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120625.101818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
