
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010168                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10167936180                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536354920944                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 306574                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   384046                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 191574                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67602964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53075.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16271634704                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20383517814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       138112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       360704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       237312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       383744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       361344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       382208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       173056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       229120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       363904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       138880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       171008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       384256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       136832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       364032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       383744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4419840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1236992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1236992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       453189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13583091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       453189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35474652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       415424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23339250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       415424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     37740599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       453189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     35537595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     37589536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       503544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17019776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       428012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     22533580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       440601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35789367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       465778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13658622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       516132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16818359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       453189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     37790953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       453189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13457205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       440601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     35801956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       402835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     37740599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       465778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13608268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               434684082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       453189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       453189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       415424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       415424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       453189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       440601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       503544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       428012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       440601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       465778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       516132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       453189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       453189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       440601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       402835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       465778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7200675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         121656153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              121656153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         121656153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       453189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13583091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       453189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35474652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       415424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23339250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       415424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     37740599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       453189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     35537595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       440601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     37589536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       503544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17019776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       428012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     22533580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       440601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35789367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       465778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13658622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       516132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16818359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       453189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     37790953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       453189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13457205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       440601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     35801956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       402835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     37740599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       465778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13608268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              556340235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2210736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840630                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       844873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237596                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9457                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19224676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12124876                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2210736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1045245                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2526908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        564558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       635389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1195238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193275                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22747493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20220585     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154809      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         194892      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310244      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130109      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168302      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195397      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89748      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283407      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22747493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090665                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497257                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19111276                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       759870                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2514845                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       360241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14823098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1598                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       360241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19130980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62482                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       642905                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2496324                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54557                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14732065                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        37899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20571670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68504283                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68504283                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3383620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14381819                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13788092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1763539                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3604545                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22747493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16905163     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664304     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089672      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610872      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827059      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254945      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250145      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134667      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10666      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22747493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94610     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13126     10.93%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12344     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11614370     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188437      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264812      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718768      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13788092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565467                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            120080                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50457809                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16149029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13427320                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13908172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11021                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       360241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47575                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14385406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1860                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5337                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233085                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13547276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243605                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       240816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718647                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555591                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13427402                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13427320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8045653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21610528                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2063102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       203700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22387252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17170081     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644814     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960437      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477699      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437271      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183559      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181993      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86450      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244948      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22387252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36527684                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29131181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                293721                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1636048                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.438353                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.438353                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60953783                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18761329                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13706189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24383235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1978319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617427                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203477                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8812                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19210769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11217359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1978319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       983622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2350820                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        564675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       343038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1183064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22269636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19918816     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         127391      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         201088      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         318517      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         133529      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         150540      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         158057      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         103951      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1157747      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22269636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081134                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460044                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19037548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       518066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2343294                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       364707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       324581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13698642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       364707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19065826                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        167318                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       268497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2321611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        81675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13689622                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4042                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19002051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     63675000                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     63675000                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16220766                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2781213                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3479                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1911                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          247070                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       702266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       160185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13669733                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3490                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12940160                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1735199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3849798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          327                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22269636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16813863     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2189347      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196840      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817670      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762733      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220438      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170414      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58131      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40200      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22269636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3100     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9565     38.95%     51.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11894     48.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10839421     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204326      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197098      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697747      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12940160                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530699                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24559                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001898                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48190993                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15408578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12730223                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12964719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       236822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           25                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21562                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          837                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       364707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        114624                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11581                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13673249                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1910                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113220                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       224922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12755128                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1823370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1794634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           697388                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12730464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12730223                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7443497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19439575                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522089                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9527851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11678734                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1994478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       199301                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21904929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17162223     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2297046     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894712      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481975      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360472      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201329      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124248      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111074      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271850      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21904929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9527851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11678734                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1751260                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1070569                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1676328                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10523541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       237285                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       271850                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35306226                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27711234                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                311959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2113599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9527851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11678734                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9527851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.559154                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.559154                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390754                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390754                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       57519057                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17647360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12776608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1986373                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1629343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196395                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835856                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776295                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203853                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8877                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18972848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11283719                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1986373                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       980148                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2482140                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        556178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       602476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1169828                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22414152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       19932012     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         268368      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         311944      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         171485      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         196568      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         108643      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          74566      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         191653      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1158913      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22414152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081464                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18818398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       760335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2460854                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19943                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       354620                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       321584                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2068                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13770131                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10701                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       354620                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18848980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        261300                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       414735                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2451391                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        83124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13760141                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        20774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        38910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19127761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     64064967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     64064967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16329623                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2798138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3657                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          225271                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       715263                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       157388                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13738378                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12986124                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17828                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1711541                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3952356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          456                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22414152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16940499     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203013      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1184104      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817661      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       714684      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       364774      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89422      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57178      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42817      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22414152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3436     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11952     42.57%     54.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12686     45.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10870601     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202629      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1591      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201421      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709882      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12986124                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.532577                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48432302                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15453719                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12768312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13014198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32624                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14865                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          796                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       354620                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        216244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13684                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13742070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       715263                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2063                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9725                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109824                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       223821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12792111                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1128238                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1837931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1790911                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           709693                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12768620                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12768312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7590788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19871841                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523645                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381987                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9590410                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11766486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1975787                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3211                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       197332                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22059532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17251859     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2229563     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934190      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561515      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       388470      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251716      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130617      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104980      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206622      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22059532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9590410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11766486                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1782801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1082403                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1684034                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10607998                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       239434                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       206622                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35595118                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27839180                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                291988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1969389                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9590410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11766486                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9590410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.542492                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.542492                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       57709388                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17723240                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12855198                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1897645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       102520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       858493                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677564                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4476                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20140930                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11942619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1897645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       782253                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2361559                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        320381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       443723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1158822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23161551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20799992     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          84293      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         172375      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          72496      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         391448      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         349266      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          68969      0.30%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         141379      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1081333      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23161551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077825                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20028388                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       557720                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2352939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7399                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       215100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       166812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14004031                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       215100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20049199                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        388758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       104453                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2340778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        63258                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13995934                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        26240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        22998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          946                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16444648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65919857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65919857                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     14552059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1892571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1628                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          826                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          161353                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3300609                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1668537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        80831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13966353                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1632                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13426146                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1089980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2593567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23161551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18390911     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427823      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174882      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505687      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       641663      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621689      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       353416      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27935      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17545      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23161551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33891     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       264766     86.44%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7653      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8426472     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117269      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          802      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3217320     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1664283     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13426146                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306310                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022814                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50327217                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15058315                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13309880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13732456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24605                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       131117                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1188                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       215100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        353913                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13967997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3300609                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1668537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          826                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       119599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13331081                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3206263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95060                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4870339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1745413                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1664076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13310374                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13309880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7189923                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14167094                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507509                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10800208                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12691759                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1277346                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1614                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       104549                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22946451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18344906     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1677616      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788612      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779004      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211631      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       906627      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67466      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49260      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121329      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22946451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10800208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12691759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4826551                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3169482                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               806                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1675593                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11286350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       122872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       121329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36794201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28153367                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                444017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1221990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10800208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12691759                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10800208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.257692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.257692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       65901205                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15465435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      16669484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24383540                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1976691                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1616384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843274                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779103                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8798                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19206478                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11214316                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1976691                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       982302                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2349150                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        566790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       342022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1182957                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22264464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       19915314     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         126991      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         200344      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         318120      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         133068      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         150328      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         158534      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         104601      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1157164      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22264464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081067                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.459913                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19031825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       518548                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2341416                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         6163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       366510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       324014                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13695016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1648                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       366510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19060062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        167506                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       268133                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2319880                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        82371                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13685955                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         2596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        23616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        30595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4387                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18997711                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63660142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63660142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16200269                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2797365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1913                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          249300                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       701857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21155                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       159464                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13666224                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12931350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16572                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1745668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3879701                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          331                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22264464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16812257     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2187863      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196151      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817067      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762447      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220272      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170082      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58256      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40069      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22264464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3091     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9439     38.70%     51.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11859     48.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10831967     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204049      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1566      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1196519      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697249      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12931350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530331                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24389                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48168125                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15415539                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12720542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12955739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238334                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           26                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          846                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       366510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        114484                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13669741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1912                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8815                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113673                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111771                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       225444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12745438                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1124890                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1821725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1792574                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           696835                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522707                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12720767                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12720542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7437696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19427152                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521686                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382851                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9515812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11663971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2005728                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       199608                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21897954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17159555     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2294869     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894760      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481407      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359938      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201465      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124331      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110734      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270895      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21897954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9515812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11663971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1749030                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1069209                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1674219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10510227                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       236984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       270895                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35296693                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27706016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                311976                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2119076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9515812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11663971                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9515812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.562423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.562423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390256                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390256                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       57475268                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17634818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12772225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1897468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711630                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       102116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       825560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         677286                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20144267                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11943101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1897468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       781926                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2360980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        318701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       444173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1158444                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23163508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20802528     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          83773      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         171828      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          72265      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         392215      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         349541      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          68527      0.30%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         141733      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1081098      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23163508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.489802                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20030101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       559826                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2352251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         7480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       213845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       166859                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14004082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1471                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       213845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20051384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        391523                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       103000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2339700                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        64051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13995766                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        26448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        23488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          612                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16440091                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65920340                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65920340                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14560335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1879728                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1627                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          825                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          164359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3302613                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1670060                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15300                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        81230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13966038                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1631                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13429382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6869                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1080259                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2575745                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23163508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18392453     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427507      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1175324      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505102      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       642026      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621458      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354456      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27665      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17517      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23163508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33990     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265030     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7670      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8425230     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117111      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          802      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3220310     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1665929     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13429382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.550756                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50335828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15048272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13313390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13736072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24505                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129529                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          345                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11175                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1191                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       213845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        356469                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13967685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3302613                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670060                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          825                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          345                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59255                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59982                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       119237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13334304                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209406                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            4875148                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1746353                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1665742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546857                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13313899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13313390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7189935                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14160443                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10808132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12700775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1268027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1614                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       104121                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22949663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18345340     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1678251      7.31%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788984      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779563      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211513      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907944      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67629      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49191      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121248      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22949663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10808132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12700775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              4831959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3173078                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               806                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1676669                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11294291                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       122873                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       121248                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36797191                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28151506                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                443873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1220033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10808132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12700775                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10808132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.256037                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.256037                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       65923657                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      15465488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      16675085                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2012821                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1646372                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822550                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         789681                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8961                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19381880                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11256430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2012821                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       997377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2347001                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        543130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       443912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1187355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22514701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20167700     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         108497      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         172624      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         235104      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         241064      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         204995      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         115629      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         171479      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1097609      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22514701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19187541                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       640297                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2342573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2643                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       341646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       331671                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13810020                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1552                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       341646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19239698                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        130139                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       390751                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2293710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       118754                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13804558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        15818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        51948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19262911                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     64215803                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     64215803                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16670762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2592149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          359012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1292181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       699694                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       224120                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13787863                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3430                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13088118                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1537861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3681555                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22514701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16933543     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2329205     10.35%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1169940      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853752      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675148      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276327      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174056      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90626      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12104      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22514701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2668     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8038     37.07%     49.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10978     50.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11007743     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195307      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1638      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186091      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697339      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13088118                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.536760                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21684                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48714550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15329224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12888906                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13109802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       208887                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       341646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        103683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11553                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13791320                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1292181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699694                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9791                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114791                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       226889                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12905175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115546                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1812832                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1833500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           697286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12889010                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12888906                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7397779                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19938391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528590                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371032                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9718364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11958810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1832525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       200912                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22173055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17229122     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2469586     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915346      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       436849      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       391211      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212719      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171139      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83952      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263131      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22173055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9718364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11958810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1772439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1083294                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1724604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10774691                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       246318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       263131                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35701181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27924332                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                295552                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1868840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9718364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11958810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9718364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.509017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.509017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       58080346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17953460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12802771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1982610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1626579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196840                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834556                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         774989                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203321                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18979019                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11268124                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1982610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       978310                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2479324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        556311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       596693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1170256                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195120                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22411446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19932122     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         267899      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         312448      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         171283      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         196484      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         108494      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          74453      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         190939      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1157324      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22411446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18823859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       755186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2458184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19867                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       354348                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       320678                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2062                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13750787                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        10722                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       354348                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18854469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        259396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       411677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2448570                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        82984                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13741215                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        20146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19104209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     63982878                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     63982878                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16317256                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2786953                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3633                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2041                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          225920                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1312589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       713827                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18107                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       156901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13719726                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3641                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12968635                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1701461                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3940266                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22411446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16943471     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203097      9.83%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1181780      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816107      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       713492      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       363907      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89658      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57266      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42668      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22411446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3266     11.82%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11739     42.48%     54.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12632     45.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10857173     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202382      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1590      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1198965      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       708525      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12968635                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531860                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27637                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002131                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48393676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15424964                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12752800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12996272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32624                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13978                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          795                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       354348                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        214123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13374                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13723392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1312589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713827                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2040                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9568                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109725                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       224214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12775515                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1126280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1834622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1788043                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           708342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12753102                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12752800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7581572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        19850060                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381942                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9583054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11757572                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1966063                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       197747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22057098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17253030     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2228056     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933438      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       560391      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       388710      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251556      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130786      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104917      0.48%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206214      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22057098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9583054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11757572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1781420                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1081571                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1682795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10599949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       239264                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       206214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           35574454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27801634                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                292493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1972095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9583054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11757572                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9583054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.544444                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.544444                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393013                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393013                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       57640847                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17702830                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12837520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1978661                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618219                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195576                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843546                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         780197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203070                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8784                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19206631                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11223278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1978661                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       983267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2351140                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        567002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       339208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1182998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22264178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19913038     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         127427      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         200064      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         318074      1.43%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         133710      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         150823      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         158775      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         104422      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1157845      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22264178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081147                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460281                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19033345                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       514365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2343434                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       366899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       324179                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13705494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       366899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19061676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        168422                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       264021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2321780                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        81378                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13696135                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        23584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        30454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3666                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19010542                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     63706815                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     63706815                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16209317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2801225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3470                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1901                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          247677                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1308360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       701806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       159736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13675694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3481                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12938811                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16525                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1750955                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3885610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          318                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22264178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16809581     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2189098      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196425      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816345      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763130      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220890      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170159      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58496      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40054      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22264178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3101     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9593     39.06%     51.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11868     48.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10838264     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204364      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1567      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197141      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697475      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12938811                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001898                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48182887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15430286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12728676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12963373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38798                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238572                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21595                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          839                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       366899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        115011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13679194                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1308360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1901                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113462                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111903                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       225365                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12753731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125673                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1822778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1793200                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           697105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523047                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12728882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12728676                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7442660                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19443488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9521179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11670410                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2008810                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       199440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21897279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17157333     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2295515     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894610      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481469      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360571      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201301      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124321      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110719      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271440      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21897279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9521179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11670410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1749999                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1069788                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1675079                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10516044                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       237096                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       271440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35304994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27725366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                311875                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2119363                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9521179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11670410                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9521179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.560979                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.560979                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       57514972                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17645067                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12781951                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2210959                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848630                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237437                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9439                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19220913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12124543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2210959                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1045924                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2527588                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        564192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       634108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1195014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22742781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20215193     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         155076      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         195361      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         310146      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         130521      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         168255      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         194808      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          90124      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1283297      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22742781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497243                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19107499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       758635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2515542                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       359889                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       336839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14823165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       359889                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19127219                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         62329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       642097                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2497014                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        54229                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14731913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        37744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20568942                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     68502380                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     68502380                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17188630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3380288                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3534                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1828                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          191478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       721618                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       165054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379997                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3550                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13786699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13703                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1760698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3602743                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22742781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16899785     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665101     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090665      4.80%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610750      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825756      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255122      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250611      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134210      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10781      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22742781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94367     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13098     10.93%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12340     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11612649     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188485      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264727      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719133      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13786699                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119805                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008690                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50449686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16144336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13425801                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13906504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265426                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11375                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       359889                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         47496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383554                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721618                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118719                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114119                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       232838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13545649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1962334                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1915418                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           718991                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555524                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13425904                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13425801                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8043015                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21605833                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550609                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372261                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322764                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2060832                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       203679                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22382892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17165851     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644316     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960581      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477847      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437556      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183298      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181980      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86553      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244910      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22382892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10000338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12322764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1827614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1117371                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1786006                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11094634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       254468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       244910                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36521500                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29127114                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                293619                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1640760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10000338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12322764                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10000338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.438272                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.438272                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60944460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18758130                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13706054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2013518                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1647424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198464                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       823249                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         790394                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8992                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19384224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11261723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2013518                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       998059                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2349195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        543185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       438477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1187503                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22514060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20164865     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         109028      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         172952      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         235544      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         241572      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         204832      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         115951      0.52%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         170879      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1098437      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22514060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19189446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       635254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2344833                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2644                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       341882                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       331303                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13818464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       341882                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19241746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        129403                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       386271                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2295828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       118927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13813057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        15718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        52081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19274481                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     64257679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     64257679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16680164                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2594314                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3433                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1794                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          360205                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1293949                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       700021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       223227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13796168                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3445                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13093761                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1541491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3696583                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22514060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16932077     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2329612     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1169084      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853104      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676498      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276513      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174234      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90796      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12142      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22514060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2701     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8046     37.02%     49.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10989     50.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11012371     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195316      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186855      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697580      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13093761                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536992                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21736                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48725282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15341171                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12894352                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13115497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       210029                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10481                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       341882                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        103124                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11607                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13799641                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1293949                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1792                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115042                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       226768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12910639                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115842                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       183121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1813364                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1833927                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           697522                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529482                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12894474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12894352                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7402056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19952707                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528814                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370980                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9723834                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11965605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1834059                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       200729                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22172178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17226254     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2469580     11.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916760      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437378      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390505      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212519      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171916      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83868      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263398      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22172178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9723834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11965605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1773460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1083920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1725610                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10780799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       246463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       263398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35708366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27941230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                295451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1869481                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9723834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11965605                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9723834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.507606                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.507606                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       58105202                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17961315                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12808441                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1900291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1713995                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101432                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       727470                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4444                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20139250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11959713                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1900291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       781423                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2363576                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        319033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       450087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1157684                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101754                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23168032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20804456     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          84005      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         172728      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          71886      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         391889      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         349377      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          67484      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         141970      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1084237      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23168032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077933                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.490483                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20025475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       565347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2354898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       214879                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       167314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14023247                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       214879                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20046858                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        395231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       104768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2342210                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        64081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14015146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        26369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        23526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          547                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16463140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     66010724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     66010724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     14573976                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1889164                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1637                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          833                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          164499                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3303934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1670585                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15295                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        81315                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13986112                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1641                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13439666                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1094492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2624829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23168032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18396631     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425563      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174847      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       504934      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643787      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622237      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354583      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27824      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17626      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23168032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34163     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265050     86.37%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7662      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8433744     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117595      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3221113     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666410     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13439666                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.551178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306875                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50361320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15082591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13324222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13746541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24518                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129941                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1191                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       214879                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        360393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17062                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13987767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3303934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670585                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          833                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       118509                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13345422                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3210096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4876335                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1747397                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1666239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547313                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13324721                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13324222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7197164                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14183978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546443                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10816170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12710599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1278383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       103428                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22953153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18346142     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1679300      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788536      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780395      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       212035      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       908169      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67552      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49447      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121577      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22953153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10816170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12710599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4833459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3173993                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1678070                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11303133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       123063                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       121577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36820532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28192874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                443146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1215509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10816170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12710599                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10816170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.254360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.254360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443585                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443585                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       65972649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      15478636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16692377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2210558                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840750                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847481                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237612                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9423                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19220326                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12123704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2210558                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1045442                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2526786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        566506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       634252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1195538                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193836                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22743135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20216349     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         154851      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         195292      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         309746      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         130184      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         168406      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         195154      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          89919      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1283234      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22743135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.497209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19106934                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       758922                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2514533                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       361490                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       336015                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14820192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1615                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       361490                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19127055                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         62312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       641907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2495634                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        54733                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14727098                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         7823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        38074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20565381                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     68482924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     68482924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17175165                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3390190                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3549                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1844                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          193971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382381                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       720506                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       164009                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14376229                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3564                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13781939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13675                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3612147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22743135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16904051     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2662777     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088386      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611387      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826050      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254808      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250422      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134575      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10679      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22743135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94212     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13041     10.91%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12334     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11609393     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188250      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264607      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717985      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13781939                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565215                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119587                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50440271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16147517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13419133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13901526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       361490                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         47336                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6103                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14379800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382381                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720506                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114689                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       233891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13539389                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242866                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1960712                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1913854                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           717846                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555268                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13419227                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13419133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8041908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        21606106                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12313231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066601                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       204395                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22381645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17168421     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2642740     11.81%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959715      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477673      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436695      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183202      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181905      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86530      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244764      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22381645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9992544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12313231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1826249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1116529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1784631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11086064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       254281                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       244764                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36516635                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29121187                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                294169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1640406                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9992544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12313231                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9992544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.440173                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.440173                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409807                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409807                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60917868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18752703                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13703387                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24383539                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1977880                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841577                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779165                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8755                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19207829                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11219189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1977880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       982278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2350670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        565299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       342466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1182705                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196748                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22266669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19915999     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         127134      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         200602      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         319015      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         133276      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         149898      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         158258      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         104377      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1158110      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22266669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19034095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       517990                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2343088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6092                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       365402                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       324385                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13702060                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       365402                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19062340                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        168982                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       266505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2321500                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        81938                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13693509                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        30862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3713                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19010835                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63692664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63692664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16220255                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2790580                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          249314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307789                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       701697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       159489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13673644                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3434                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12941406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16445                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1739301                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3864322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          272                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22266669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16811272     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2188327      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1197118      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817663      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       763470      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219798      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170399      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58386      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40236      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22266669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3090     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9533     38.96%     51.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11845     48.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10841325     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204226      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1197004      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697283      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12941406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24468                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48190394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15416533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12730997                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12965874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21033                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          832                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       365402                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        115740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11532                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13677103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307789                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8525                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113404                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       225109                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12755600                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125293                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185806                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1822226                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1794251                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           696933                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12731232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12730997                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7443729                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19443897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522114                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9527533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11678321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1998818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       199230                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21901267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17158738     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296399     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895169      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       482117      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360378      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201250      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124716      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110825      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271675      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21901267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9527533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11678321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1751181                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1070517                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1676260                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10523162                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       237271                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       271675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35306666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27719715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                311620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2116870                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9527533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11678321                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9527533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.559271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.559271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       57520310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17651129                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12777583                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1899766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1713581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101667                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       731153                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676660                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4471                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20139755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11958737                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1899766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       781365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2363514                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        319288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       452221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1157907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101994                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23170632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20807118     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          84373      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         172133      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          72259      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         391742      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         349194      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          67950      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         141849      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1084014      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23170632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077912                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.490443                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20027127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       566335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2354889                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         7375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       214901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       167195                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14022122                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1465                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       214901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20048042                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        398173                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       103856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2342635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        63020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14013981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        26222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        23101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          515                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16462610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66005548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66005548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14572493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        1890102                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1633                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          829                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          161474                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3303762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1670458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15261                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        81372                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13984458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1637                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13438401                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1096364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2624035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23170632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18399420     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1426073      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1173917      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505583      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643358      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622656      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354001      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27965      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17659      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23170632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34173     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265081     86.36%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7683      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8432732     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117561      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          804      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3220930     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666374     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13438401                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.551126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306937                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50361347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15082806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13322572                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13745338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24505                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          348                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11044                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1189                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       214901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        363503                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13986104                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3303762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11555                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          348                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       118768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13343687                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            4876055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1747254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1666206                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.547242                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13323077                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13322572                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7195933                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14180462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.546376                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507454                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10815322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12709550                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1277693                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       103655                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22955731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18348734     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1679574      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788939      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779971      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211990      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907820      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67578      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49343      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121782      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22955731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10815322                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12709550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              4833306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3173892                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1677907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11302205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       123045                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       121782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36821166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28189436                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                443441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1212909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10815322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12709550                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10815322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.254537                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.254537                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       65963623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      15477030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      16691258                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24383541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2210838                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202609                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808112                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9415                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19219701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12125650                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2210838                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1045600                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2527035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        565925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       635021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1195276                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22743216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20216181     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         154540      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         195084      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         310099      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         130387      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         168414      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         195276      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          89724      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1283511      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22743216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090669                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19106145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       759788                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2514833                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       361172                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       335988                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14823633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       361172                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19126236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         62553                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       642407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2495929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        54915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14731395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         7871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        38121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20569203                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     68502644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     68502644                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17177124                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3392074                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3574                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1869                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          194152                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       720908                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8045                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       164676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14378572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13783476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1766201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3613946                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22743216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16903383     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2663428     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1087592      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611644      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826869      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255275      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       249789      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134541      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10695      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22743216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94214     78.72%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13118     10.96%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12356     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11610699     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188357      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264309      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718407      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13783476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565278                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119688                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50443589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16148453                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13421895                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13903164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10263                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11125                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       361172                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         47612                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6070                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14382165                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720908                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1870                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5330                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119107                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       233532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13542107                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1961420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1914166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           718301                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555379                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13422002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13421895                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8043284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21608626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550449                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372226                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9993660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12314595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2067646                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3442                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       204117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22382044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17168639     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2643070     11.81%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959677      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477180      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436784      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183227      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181817      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86742      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244908      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22382044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9993660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12314595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1826431                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1116648                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1784838                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11087276                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       254305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       244908                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36519299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29125674                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                294041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1640325                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9993660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12314595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9993660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.439901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.439901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.409853                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.409853                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60931524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18754213                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13706046                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3440                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34539                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.560396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2030876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          30.178257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           221.401450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.482407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   473.939132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.985506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1075.293314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.012823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   750.338495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.033516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1252.299818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.322610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1091.524735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.697175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1252.052892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.062337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   580.594856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.483559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   734.952651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.656471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1093.524567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.466375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   471.252536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.126640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   569.748383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.492052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1265.183173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.344928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   460.886305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.929979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1103.826202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.280375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1262.400465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.314892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   470.186160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           788.518331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1351.600405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1219.503341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1371.054837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1358.187304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1384.713110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           916.316210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1220.148036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1330.948163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           788.770001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           921.116445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1363.749820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           787.396176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1319.350938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1371.855822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           794.234677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.032815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.022899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.038217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.033311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.038210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.017718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.022429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.033372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.017387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.038610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.014065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.033686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.038525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.014349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.024064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.037216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.041841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.041449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.042258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.027964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.037236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.040617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.024071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.028110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.041618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.024029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.040263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.041866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.024238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   57514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17986                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17986                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    57722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2550                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2541                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4120                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   57722                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2986                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5655983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    162740714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5366935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    425816459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4849576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279331921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4818534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    455088761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5367796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426828240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5383113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452933505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6077474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    203896674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4978318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    271083755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5368418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    429002943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5402475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    164796444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6221837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    201061993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5483031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    455192800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5472557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161668552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5227817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    429445361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4910351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    456729876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5492776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    162251362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5223946351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       279730                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       174808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       297006                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       277414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       141814                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       143098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       148742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1462612                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5655983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    162740714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5366935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    425816459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4849576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279611651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4818534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    455263569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5367796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426828240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5383113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    453230511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6077474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    203896674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4978318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    271361169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5368418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    429144757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5402475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    164796444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6221837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    201061993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5483031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    455335898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5472557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161668552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5227817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    429445361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4910351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    456878618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5492776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    162251362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5225408963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5655983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    162740714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5366935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    425816459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4849576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279611651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4818534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    455263569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5367796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426828240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5383113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    453230511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6077474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    203896674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4978318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    271361169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5368418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    429144757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5402475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    164796444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6221837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    201061993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5483031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    455335898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5472557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161668552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5227817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    429445361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4910351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    456878618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5492776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    162251362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5225408963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               92034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17986                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17986                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               218                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                92252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               92252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.386909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.300637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.386777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.386859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.298701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.375079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.045872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.405584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.386739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.406304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.299310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.386607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.386689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.374301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.405584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.386739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.406304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.299310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.386607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.386689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.374301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157110.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150825.499537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149081.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151105.911639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146956.848485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150827.171166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146016.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151848.101768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149105.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151196.684378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153803.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151787.367627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151936.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150811.149408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146421.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151612.838367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153383.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150951.070725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146012.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151886.123502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151752.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150495.503743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152306.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151680.373209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152015.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151233.444341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149366.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151000.478551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153448.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152395.687688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148453.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150093.766883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151331.006692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       139865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       174808                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       148503                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       138707                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       141814                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       143098                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       148742                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146261.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157110.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150825.499537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149081.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151105.911639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146956.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150815.345739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146016.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151855.760173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149105.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151196.684378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153803.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151785.167783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151936.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150811.149408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146421.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151598.418436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153383.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150947.856841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146012.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151886.123502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151752.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150495.503743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152306.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151677.514324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152015.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151233.444341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149366.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151000.478551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153448.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152394.468979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148453.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150093.766883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151329.538459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157110.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150825.499537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149081.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151105.911639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146956.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150815.345739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146016.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151855.760173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149105.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151196.684378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153803.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151785.167783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151936.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150811.149408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146421.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151598.418436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153383.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150947.856841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146012.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151886.123502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151752.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150495.503743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152306.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151677.514324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152015.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151233.444341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149366.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151000.478551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153448.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152394.468979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148453.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150093.766883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151329.538459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3563605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99924792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3272607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    261726705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2929571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171452766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2899181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280623976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3268452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    262427609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3349322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    279281400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3750110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    125170149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2999857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    166958393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3331420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    263527738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3249618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    101637434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3839097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123271357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3393940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    280525569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3381300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99444108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3192311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    263829064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3048896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282314359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3341368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99322593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3214248667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       163546                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       116384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       180643                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       160189                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        83441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        84692                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        90530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       879425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3563605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99924792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3272607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    261726705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2929571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171616312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2899181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280740360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3268452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    262427609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3349322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    279462043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3750110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    125170149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2999857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167118582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3331420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    263611179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3249618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    101637434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3839097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123271357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3393940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    280610261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3381300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99444108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3192311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    263829064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3048896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282404889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3341368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99322593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3215128092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3563605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99924792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3272607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    261726705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2929571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171616312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2899181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    280740360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3268452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    262427609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3349322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    279462043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3750110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    125170149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2999857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167118582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3331420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    263611179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3249618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    101637434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3839097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123271357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3393940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    280610261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3381300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99444108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3192311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    263829064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3048896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282404889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3341368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99322593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3215128092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.386909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.300637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.386777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.386859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.298701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.405584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.386739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.406304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.299310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.386607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.386689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.374301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.297327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.405584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.386739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.406304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.299310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.386607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.409032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.386689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.297468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98989.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92608.704356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90905.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92876.758339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88774.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92577.087473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87853.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93634.960294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90790.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92960.541622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95694.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93592.962466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93752.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92581.471154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 88231.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93377.177293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95183.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92726.156932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87827.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93675.054378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93636.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92268.979790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94276.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93477.363879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        93925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93025.358279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91208.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92766.900141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        95278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94198.985319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90307.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91880.289547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93112.649681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        81773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       116384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 90321.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80094.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        83441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        84692                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        90530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87942.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98989.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92608.704356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90905.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92876.758339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88774.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92565.432578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87853.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93642.548366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90790.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92960.541622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95694.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93590.771266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93752.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92581.471154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 88231.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93362.336313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95183.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92722.890960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87827.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93675.054378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93636.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92268.979790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94276.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93474.437375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        93925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93025.358279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91208.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92766.900141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        95278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94197.761508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90307.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91880.289547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93111.152389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98989.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92608.704356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90905.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92876.758339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88774.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92565.432578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87853.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93642.548366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90790.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92960.541622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95694.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93590.771266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93752.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92581.471154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 88231.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93362.336313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95183.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92722.890960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87827.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93675.054378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93636.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92268.979790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94276.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93474.437375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        93925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93025.358279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91208.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92766.900141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        95278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94197.761508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90307.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91880.289547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93111.152389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.177131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001203285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2030838.306288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.177131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.056374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1195185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1195185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1195185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9436832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9436832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9436832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9436832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9436832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9436832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1195238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178053.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178053.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178053.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178053.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178053.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178053.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7345728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7345728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7345728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7345728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7345728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7345728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193308.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193308.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193308.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193308.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193308.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193308.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.700386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.277469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.722531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    964156384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    964156384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6963834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6963834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    971120218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    971120218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    971120218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    971120218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104617.663194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104617.663194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 80044.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80044.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104387.855315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104387.855315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104387.855315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104387.855315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    345937976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345937976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1382976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1382976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    347320952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347320952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    347320952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347320952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95774.633444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95774.633444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 81351.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81351.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95707.068614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95707.068614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95707.068614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95707.068614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.840517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003850698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1904840.034156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.840517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.044616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1183017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1183017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1183017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1183017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1183017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1183017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7496647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7496647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7496647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7496647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7496647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7496647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1183064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1183064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1183064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1183064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1183064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1183064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159503.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159503.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159503.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159503.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159503.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159503.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6004449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6004449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6004449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6004449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6004449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6004449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162282.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162282.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162282.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162282.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162282.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162282.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166885687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             23168.913925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.222133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.777867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       819433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       677407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1496840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1496840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2110349155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2110349155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7885248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7885248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2118234403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2118234403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2118234403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2118234403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       837319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       677498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1514817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1514817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117988.882646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117988.882646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86651.076923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86651.076923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117830.249930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117830.249930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117830.249930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117830.249930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    733755811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    733755811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1045800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1045800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    734801611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    734801611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    734801611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    734801611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105835.253281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105835.253281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        69720                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69720                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105757.284254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105757.284254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105757.284254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105757.284254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.157937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              999389532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1936801.418605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    29.157937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.046727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1169787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1169787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1169787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1169787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1169787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1169787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6463457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6463457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6463457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6463457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6463457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6463457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1169828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1169828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1169828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1169828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1169828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1169828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157645.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157645.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157645.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157645.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157645.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157645.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5610262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5610262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5610262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5610262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5610262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5610262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165007.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165007.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165007.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165007.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165007.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165007.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158030264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             28463.664265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.622976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.377024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.873527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.126473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       823988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       696550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1520538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1520538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1520538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1520538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2269510957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2269510957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48202154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48202154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2317713111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2317713111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2317713111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2317713111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       842236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       696970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1539206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1539206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1539206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1539206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124370.394399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124370.394399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114767.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114767.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124154.334208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124154.334208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124154.334208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124154.334208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    529604405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    529604405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1275984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1275984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    530880389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    530880389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    530880389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    530880389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100322.865126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100322.865126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 75057.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75057.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100241.765295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100241.765295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100241.765295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100241.765295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              567.238569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1028874100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1783144.020797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.117839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   542.120730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.040253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1158779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1158779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1158779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6860997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6860997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6860997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6860997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6860997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6860997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1158822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159558.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159558.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159558.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159558.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159558.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159558.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5564343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5564343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5564343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5564343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5564343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5564343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163657.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163657.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163657.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163657.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163657.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163657.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              405417897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 8008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             50626.610514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.086766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.913234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3025674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3025674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1655420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1655420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4681094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4681094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4681094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4681094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        27299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        27299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3137055551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3137055551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1755790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1755790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3138811341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3138811341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3138811341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3138811341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3052957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3052957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1655436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4708393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4708393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4708393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4708393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114982.060294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114982.060294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109736.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109736.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114978.986080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114978.986080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114978.986080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114978.986080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    822056109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    822056109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       503608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       503608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    822559717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    822559717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    822559717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822559717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106126.530984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106126.530984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83934.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83934.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106109.354618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106109.354618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106109.354618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106109.354618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.419082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1003850589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1904839.827324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.419082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.043941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1182908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1182908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1182908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1182908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1182908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7471489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7471489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7471489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7471489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7471489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7471489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1182957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1182957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1182957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1182957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1182957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1182957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152479.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152479.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152479.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152479.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152479.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152479.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5861293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5861293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5861293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158413.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158413.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158413.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158413.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158413.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158413.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166884305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             23168.722060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.688617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.311383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.889409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.110591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       818912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        818912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       676546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1495458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1495458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1495458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1495458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        17969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        17969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2118294763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2118294763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6882534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6882534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2125177297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2125177297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2125177297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2125177297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       836794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       676633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       676633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1513427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1513427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1513427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1513427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118459.610950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118459.610950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79109.586207                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79109.586207                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118269.091046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118269.091046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118269.091046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118269.091046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        11021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        11021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    734772202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    734772202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       961500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       961500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    735733702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    735733702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    735733702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    735733702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105981.855185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105981.855185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105891.436672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105891.436672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105891.436672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105891.436672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              568.093450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1028873720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1776983.972366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.371220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.722229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1158399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1158399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1158399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1158399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1158399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8328688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8328688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8328688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8328688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8328688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8328688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1158444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1158444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1158444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185081.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185081.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185081.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185081.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185081.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185081.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6792480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6792480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6792480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6792480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6792480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6792480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       188680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       188680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       188680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       188680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       188680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       188680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              405422975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             50709.565353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.066240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.933760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3028943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3028943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1657227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4686170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4686170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        27280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        27280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3132713799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3132713799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2142905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2142905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3134856704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3134856704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3134856704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3134856704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3056203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1657247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4713450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4713450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4713450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4713450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114919.801871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114919.801871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107145.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107145.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114914.102053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114914.102053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114914.102053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114914.102053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    819202870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    819202870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       602206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       602206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    819805076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    819805076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    819805076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819805076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105935.971809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105935.971809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100367.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100367.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105931.654736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105931.654736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105931.654736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105931.654736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              509.440962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998099774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1930560.491296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.440962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.055194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1187303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1187303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8378295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8378295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8378295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8378295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8378295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8378295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161121.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161121.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161121.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161121.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161121.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161121.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6808154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6808154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6808154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6808154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6808154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6808154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162098.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162098.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162098.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162098.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162098.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162098.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3893                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              152130943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36666.893950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   223.094643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    32.905357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.871463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.128537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       816082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       685859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1501941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1501941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1501941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1501941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1481414484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1481414484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8910409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8910409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1490324893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1490324893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1490324893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1490324893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       828568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       685965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1514533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1514533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000155                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118646.042287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118646.042287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84060.462264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84060.462264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118354.899381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118354.899381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118354.899381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118354.899381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    387395932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387395932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1227875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1227875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    388623807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388623807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    388623807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388623807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99973.143742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99973.143742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68215.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68215.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99826.305420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99826.305420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99826.305420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99826.305420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              511.696553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              999389960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1933056.015474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.696553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1170215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1170215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1170215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1170215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1170215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1170215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6487095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6487095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6487095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6487095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6487095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6487095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1170256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1170256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1170256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1170256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1170256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1170256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158221.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158221.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158221.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158221.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158221.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158221.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5637494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5637494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5637494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5637494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5637494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5637494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161071.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161071.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161071.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161071.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161071.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161071.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5233                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158028048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             28789.952268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.624079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.375921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.873532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.126468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       822328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       696010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1518338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1518338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1518338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1518338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2258442683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2258442683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47929518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47929518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2306372201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2306372201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2306372201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2306372201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       840459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       840459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       696427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1536886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1536886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1536886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1536886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124562.499752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124562.499752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114938.892086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114938.892086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124346.139799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124346.139799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124346.139799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124346.139799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    520772236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520772236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1296350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1296350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    522068586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    522068586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    522068586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    522068586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99841.302914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99841.302914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76255.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76255.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99764.682973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99764.682973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99764.682973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99764.682973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.020241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1003850631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1908461.275665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.020241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.044904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1182950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1182950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1182950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1182950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1182950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7637267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7637267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7637267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7637267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7637267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7637267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1182998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1182998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1182998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1182998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1182998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1182998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159109.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159109.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159109.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159109.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159109.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159109.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5893769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5893769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5893769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5893769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5893769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5893769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163715.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163715.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163715.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163715.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163715.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163715.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 6963                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166885009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             23117.469040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.283573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.716427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.887826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.112174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       819235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       676927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1496162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1496162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2124170241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2124170241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8983288                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8983288                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2133153529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2133153529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2133153529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2133153529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       837196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       677019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1514215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1514215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118265.700184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118265.700184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97644.434783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97644.434783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118160.612031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118160.612031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118160.612031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118160.612031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    736422975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    736422975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1212365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1212365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    737635340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    737635340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    737635340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    737635340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105990.641192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105990.641192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80824.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80824.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105936.426828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105936.426828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105936.426828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105936.426828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.213649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001203061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2026726.844130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.213649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1194961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1194961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1194961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9131416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9131416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9131416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9131416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9131416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9131416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1195014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172290.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172290.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172290.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172290.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172290.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172290.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6957084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6957084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6957084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6957084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6957084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6957084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178386.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178386.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178386.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178386.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178386.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178386.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148428974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             38245.033239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.304523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.695477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.860565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.139435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       952387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       706675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1659062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1659062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    969081527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    969081527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7096891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7096891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    976178418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    976178418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    976178418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    976178418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       961611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       706763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1668374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1668374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105060.876735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105060.876735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 80646.488636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80646.488636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104830.156572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104830.156572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104830.156572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104830.156572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    347591586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347591586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1269062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1269062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    348860648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348860648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    348860648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348860648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96312.437240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96312.437240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 79316.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79316.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96237.420138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96237.420138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96237.420138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96237.420138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.814767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998099918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1926833.818533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.814767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1187447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1187447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1187447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1187447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1187447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8540951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8540951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8540951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8540951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8540951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8540951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1187503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1187503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1187503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152516.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152516.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152516.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152516.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152516.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152516.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6865862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6865862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6865862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6865862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6865862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6865862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159671.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159671.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159671.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159671.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159671.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159671.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152131552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36640.547206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.090695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.909305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.871448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.128552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       816284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       686254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1502538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1502538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1475241296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1475241296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8940247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8940247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1484181543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1484181543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1484181543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1484181543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       828731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       686359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1515090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1515090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118521.836266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118521.836266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85145.209524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85145.209524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118242.634082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118242.634082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118242.634082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118242.634082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    385784745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    385784745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1232194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    387016939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    387016939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    387016939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    387016939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99480.336514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99480.336514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 68455.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68455.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99336.996663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99336.996663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99336.996663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99336.996663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              568.620201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1028872959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1773918.894828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.259093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   542.361108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1157638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1157638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1157638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1157638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1157638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1157638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8133299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8133299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8133299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8133299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8133299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8133299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1157684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1157684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1157684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1157684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1157684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176810.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176810.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176810.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176810.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176810.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176810.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6804128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6804128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6804128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6804128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6804128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6804128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183895.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183895.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183895.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183895.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183895.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183895.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              405423847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             50545.299464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.075356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.924644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3029229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1657809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4687038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4687038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4687038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4687038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        27449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        27449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3165101866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3165101866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1954921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1954921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3167056787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3167056787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3167056787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3167056787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3056658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1657829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4714487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4714487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4714487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4714487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115392.535856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115392.535856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97746.050000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97746.050000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115379.678203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115379.678203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115379.678203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115379.678203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    825526685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    825526685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       484098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       484098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826010783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    826010783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826010783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826010783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106396.015595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106396.015595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        80683                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80683                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106376.147199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106376.147199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106376.147199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106376.147199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              490.362973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001203585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2030838.914807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.362973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1195485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1195485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1195485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1195485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1195485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9548762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9548762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9548762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9548762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9548762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9548762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1195538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1195538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1195538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180165.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180165.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180165.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180165.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180165.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180165.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7322586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7322586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7322586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7322586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7322586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7322586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 192699.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192699.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 192699.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192699.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 192699.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192699.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3631                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148428385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 3887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             38185.846411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   220.314658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    35.685342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.860604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.139396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       952312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       706150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1658462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1658462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    967234897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    967234897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7292542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7292542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    974527439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    974527439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    974527439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    974527439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       961539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       706243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1667782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1667782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1667782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1667782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104826.584697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104826.584697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78414.430108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78414.430108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104563.029936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104563.029936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104563.029936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104563.029936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         3160                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    347338562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347338562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1309358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1309358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    348647920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348647920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    348647920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348647920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96082.589765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96082.589765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81834.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81834.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96019.807216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96019.807216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96019.807216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96019.807216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.231006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1003850341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1908460.724335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.231006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1182660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1182660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1182660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1182660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1182660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7108111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7108111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7108111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1182705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1182705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1182705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1182705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1182705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1182705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157958.022222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157958.022222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157958.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157958.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157958.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157958.022222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5773371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5773371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5773371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5773371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5773371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5773371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160371.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160371.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160371.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160371.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160371.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160371.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166885262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             23149.571647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.303033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.696967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       819084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       677387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1496471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1496471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2106448693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2106448693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7257945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7257945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2113706638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2113706638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2113706638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2113706638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       836891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       677472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1514363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1514363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118293.294379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118293.294379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85387.588235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85387.588235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118136.968366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118136.968366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118136.968366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118136.968366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    735371881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    735371881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1046517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1046517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    736418398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    736418398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    736418398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    736418398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105991.911358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105991.911358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69767.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69767.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105913.763555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105913.763555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105913.763555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105913.763555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              567.286831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1028873186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1786238.170139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.925763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   542.361068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.039945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1157865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1157865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1157865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1157865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1157865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1157865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7367761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7367761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7367761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7367761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7367761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7367761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1157907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1157907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1157907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1157907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1157907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175422.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175422.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175422.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175422.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175422.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175422.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5861631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5861631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5861631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 177625.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177625.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 177625.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177625.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 177625.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177625.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              405423632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 8009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             50621.005369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.072994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.927006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.433879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.566121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3029067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3029067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1657757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4686824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4686824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        27426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        27426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3163046491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3163046491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1910467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1910467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3164956958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3164956958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3164956958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3164956958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3056473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1657777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4714250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4714250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4714250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4714250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115414.379734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115414.379734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95523.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95523.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115399.874499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115399.874499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115399.874499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115399.874499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    826089338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    826089338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       523030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       523030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    826612368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    826612368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    826612368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826612368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106633.450110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106633.450110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87171.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87171.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106618.388753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106618.388753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106618.388753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106618.388753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              490.211006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001203326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2026727.380567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.211006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1195226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1195226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8978040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8978040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8978040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8978040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8978040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8978040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179560.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179560.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179560.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179560.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7061461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7061461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7061461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181063.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181063.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181063.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181063.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181063.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181063.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148428423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 3890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             38156.406941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   220.298099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    35.701901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.860539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.139461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       952245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       706224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1720                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1720                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1658469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1658469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    968671123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    968671123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6986952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6986952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    975658075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    975658075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    975658075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    975658075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       961493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       706305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1720                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1720                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1667798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1667798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1667798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1667798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104743.849805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104743.849805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86258.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86258.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104583.350305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104583.350305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104583.350305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104583.350305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20930                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        20930                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5695                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5695                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    346970408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    346970408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1257992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1257992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    348228400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348228400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    348228400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348228400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95874.663719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95874.663719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83866.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83866.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95825.096313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95825.096313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95825.096313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95825.096313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
