
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000966                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   965747397                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391065061134                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 400130                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   522538                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33677                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28676.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11474496767                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984780297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        41216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        41472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        67712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        68992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               492800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           33792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       192512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            192512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1855558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     41617508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1723018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19085736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1855558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17495258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1855558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17097639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3180956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22134152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1723018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20278595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1855558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     42677827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1855558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17230178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3313496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     22929391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3711115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     11398426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1855558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     42942906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1723018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     70113572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1723018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19350816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1855558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17760338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1723018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     71438971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3180956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21736533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               510278362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1855558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1723018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1855558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1855558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3180956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1723018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1855558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1855558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3313496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3711115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1855558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1723018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1723018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1855558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1723018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3180956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           34990516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         199339911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              199339911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         199339911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1855558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     41617508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1723018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19085736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1855558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17495258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1855558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17097639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3180956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22134152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1723018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20278595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1855558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     42677827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1855558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17230178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3313496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     22929391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3711115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     11398426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1855558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     42942906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1723018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     70113572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1723018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19350816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1855558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17760338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1723018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     71438971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3180956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21736533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              709618273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180575                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162457                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11307                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80979                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9885                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          503                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1896683                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1131596                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180575                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72568                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223116                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        43740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110600                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2188033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1964917     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7875      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16352      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6822      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36034      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32607      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6415      0.29%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13328      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103683      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2188033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1885598                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        55217                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222168                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24314                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          181                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1326553                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24314                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1888121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         35458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        13112                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6550                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1324684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           89                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1565370                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6232098                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6232098                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         216393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           18344                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308788                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1465                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7484                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1320145                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257289                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       303472                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2188033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740420     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134339      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110194      5.04%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47888      2.19%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60199      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57813      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32809      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2785      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1586      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2188033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3139     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24500     86.39%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          722      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793222     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11006      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298798     23.77%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154188     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257289                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.542884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022557                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4731919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1445856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1244457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16089                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1719                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24314                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         31882                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1320310                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308788                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5854                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12903                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297641                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.538484                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244584                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1244457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673599                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1331740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.537344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144924                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11351                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736581     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156383      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73171      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72005      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19647      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83855      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6548      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4565      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10964      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        10964                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3473237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2665291                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42954                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                127909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.315942                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.315942                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.431790                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.431790                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6154958                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1569425                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         175319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157159                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15432                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117885                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114864                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          449                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1859318                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1001053                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            175319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       124519                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              221789                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         51145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        21430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          113788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14950                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2138175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1916386     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          34521      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16391      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          33849      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9472      0.44%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          31702      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           4571      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           7918      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          83365      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2138175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432244                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1847247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        34181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          221210                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          232                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        35299                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        15590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1110692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        35299                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1849008                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         19134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        10276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          219532                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         4920                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1108360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1445437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5010958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5010958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1138707                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         306701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           13056                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       207963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        30063                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          305                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         6375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1101037                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1019291                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          917                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221121                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2138175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1694271     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132996      6.22%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154182      7.21%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87329      4.08%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44779      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11720      0.55%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12318      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          320      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          260      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2138175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1696     58.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          669     22.88%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          559     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       794190     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7404      0.73%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187988     18.44%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29642      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1019291                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.440119                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2924                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4180592                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1322302                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       990853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1022215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          796                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45871                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1201                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        35299                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         14331                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          598                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1101173                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           46                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30063                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          322                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9484                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6741                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        16225                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1005640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185235                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             214867                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         152979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            29632                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.434225                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               991306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              990853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          601325                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1280190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.427840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.469715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       877848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223357                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        15162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2102876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1779570     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124428      5.92%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82209      3.91%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25475      1.21%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44495      2.12%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7979      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5223      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4612      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28885      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2102876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       786388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       877848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               190954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              162092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           135291                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          765041                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        10291                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        28885                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3175196                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2237738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 43560                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                177767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            786388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              877848                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       786388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.945037                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.945037                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.339554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.339554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4684706                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1285003                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1189755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         190608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77036                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73014                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19245                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1825242                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1067246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            190608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        92259                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              221480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         56394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        43481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          113169                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2126175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1904695     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10139      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16148      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          21391      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          22708      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          19370      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          10216      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          16108      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         105400      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2126175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460826                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1806197                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        62919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          220922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        35804                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31188                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          169                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1308668                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1025                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        35804                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1811743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         13834                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        37132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          215709                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        11951                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1307133                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1824277                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6078171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6078171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1546171                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         278106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           37681                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       123202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        65139                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          755                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14475                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1304115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226599                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165248                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404425                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2126175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1609042     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211691      9.96%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107428      5.05%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81604      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64230      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25809      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16570      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8553      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1248      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2126175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           291     13.25%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          794     36.16%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1111     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032385     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18196      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111014      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64852      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226599                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.529633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2196                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4581824                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469674                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205729                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1227                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        35804                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         11122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1193                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1304419                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65139                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10865                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        22894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1207621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             168856                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         171083                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            64839                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1205798                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1205729                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          693292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1871082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.520621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370530                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       901471                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1109365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195064                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2090371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1635671     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225444     10.78%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84939      4.06%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40449      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33876      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19822      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17778      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7722      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24670      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2090371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       901471                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1109365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               164375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              100463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           160038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          999484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        22854                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24670                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3370130                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2644665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 29498                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                189767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            901471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1109365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       901471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.569070                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.569070                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.389246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.389246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5432927                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1680982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1211034                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         190739                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77458                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73059                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19316                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1826547                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1067887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            190739                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        92375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              221828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         56501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        42242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          113322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2126630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1904802     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10217      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16222      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          21553      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          22691      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          19447      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          10265      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          16028      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         105405      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2126630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1807728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        61455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          221265                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        35846                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1309474                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        35846                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1813172                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        36253                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          216164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        11702                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1307927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1826378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6082032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6082032                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1547903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         278470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           37066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       123330                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        65162                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          711                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14477                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1304892                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1227353                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164789                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404869                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2126630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1609078     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211796      9.96%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107575      5.06%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81892      3.85%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64155      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25771      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16536      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8576      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1251      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2126630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           289     13.17%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          797     36.33%     49.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1108     50.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032950     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18240      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111154      9.06%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64857      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1227353                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.529958                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2194                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001788                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4583792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469992                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1206339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1229547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22771                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        35846                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1305196                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123330                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65162                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10938                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12059                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        22997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1208245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             168982                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         171215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            64843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.521708                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1206408                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1206339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          693856                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1871393                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.520885                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       902455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110562                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194639                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20316                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2090784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1635471     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225646     10.79%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85278      4.08%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40474      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33814      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19898      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17858      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7716      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24629      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2090784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       902455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1110562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               164524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              100556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           160219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1000548                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22876                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24629                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3371356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2646256                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 29487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                189312                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            902455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1110562                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       902455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.566269                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.566269                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.389671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.389671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5435624                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1682797                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1211758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         186657                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153038                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71238                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18852                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          902                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1791226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1064646                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            186657                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        90090                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              233248                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         57589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        60453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          111928                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2121985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1888737     89.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          24773      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          29450      1.39%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          15826      0.75%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          17664      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          10487      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6887      0.32%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17930      0.84%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         110231      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2121985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.459703                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1775984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        76310                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          231080                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1948                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        36660                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        30102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1298206                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2057                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        36660                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1779293                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        52805                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          229778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8503                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1296316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1804601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6033399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6033399                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1513790                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         290811                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           24106                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       124101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        66693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1708                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14098                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1292754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1214292                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1459                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175658                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       409144                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2121985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1610341     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206003      9.71%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110469      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76601      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66886      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33672      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8502      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5456      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4055      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2121985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           325     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1120     42.36%     54.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1199     45.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1017359     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18787      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       112017      9.22%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65982      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1214292                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.524319                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2644                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4554672                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468799                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1192292                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1216936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23702                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1761                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        36660                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1129                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1293104                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          750                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11136                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        22785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1194678                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             171137                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         166756                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            65948                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.515850                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1192393                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1192292                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          709721                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1857587                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.514819                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       888912                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1090642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       202472                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20149                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2085325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1639676     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206896      9.92%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86655      4.16%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51794      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35842      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23264      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12296      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9626      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19276      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2085325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       888912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1090642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               165331                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              100399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           156101                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          983225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        22178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        19276                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3359150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2622894                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 29557                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                193957                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            888912                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1090642                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       888912                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.605367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.605367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.383823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.383823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5388604                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1657969                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1210945                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         175197                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157008                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15412                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114729                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9601                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          457                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1857697                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts               999553                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            175197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       124330                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              221517                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         51042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        21607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          113656                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14917                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2136375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1914858     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          34543      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16372      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          33926      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4           9301      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          31723      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           4558      0.21%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           7759      0.36%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          83335      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2136375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431597                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1845678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        34313                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          220922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        35214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        15586                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1108882                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        35214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1847430                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         18837                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        10612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          219249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         5027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1106484                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1442845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5001116                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5001116                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1136750                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         306095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           13502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       207618                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        29986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          332                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         6339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1098935                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1017171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          913                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220299                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469445                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2136375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1693110     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132868      6.22%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154011      7.21%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87312      4.09%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44679      2.09%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11574      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12246      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          317      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          258      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2136375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1692     57.93%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          671     22.97%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          558     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792540     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7399      0.73%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187606     18.44%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29559      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1017171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.439204                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4174551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1319379                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       988752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1020092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45658                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1202                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        35214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         14034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          621                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1099071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207618                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29986                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6725                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        16179                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1003513                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             214506                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         152778                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            29551                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.433307                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent               989227                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count              988752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          599914                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1275305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.426933                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.470408                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       785262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       876449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        15141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2101161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1778364     84.64%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124358      5.92%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81996      3.90%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25453      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44350      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7926      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5202      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4598      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28914      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2101161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       785262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       876449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               190744                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              161960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           135088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          763789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        10266                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        28914                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3171366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2233463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 43496                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                179567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            785262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              876449                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       785262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.949260                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.949260                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.339068                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.339068                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4674611                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1282125                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1187952                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         180263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62533                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9821                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          509                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1896223                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1129892                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            180263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        72354                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              222628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         36158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        44764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          110668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11242                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2188135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1965507     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           7814      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16158      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           6794      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          36003      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          32589      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6433      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          13433      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         103404      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2188135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077836                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.487876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1885027                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        56365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          221673                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          721                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        24341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        15945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1324348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        24341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1887575                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         36923                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        12773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          219960                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1322403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          150                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1562510                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6221700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6221700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1345164                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         217342                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           18376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       308505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       154607                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1393                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1317847                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1254679                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       304738                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2188135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1741364     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134441      6.14%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109702      5.01%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47606      2.18%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60160      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57690      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32834      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2782      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1556      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2188135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3165     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24448     86.25%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          732      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791304     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10948      0.87%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298401     23.78%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153951     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1254679                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022591                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4726781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1443449                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1241736                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1283024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2285                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16046                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        24341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         33453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1670                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1318011                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154607                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           90                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1143                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5892                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        12993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297262                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             451163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         162721                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           153901                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.537315                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1241862                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1241736                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          672389                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1329968                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.536169                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505568                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       997802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172841                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        11419                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737636     80.31%     80.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156051      7.21%     87.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72969      3.37%     90.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71807      3.32%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19602      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83732      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6527      0.30%     99.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4559      0.21%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10911      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       997802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1172841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               445395                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              292458                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           154972                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1042949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11403                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        10911                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3471042                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2660670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 43074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                127807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            997802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1172841                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       997802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.321044                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.321044                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.430841                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.430841                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6142860                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1448547                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1567142                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2315607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         190905                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20063                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73205                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19334                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1827226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1068939                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            190905                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        92539                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              222035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         55876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        42309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          113132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19921                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2127150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1905115     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          10173      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16180      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          21744      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          22788      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          19362      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          10213      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          16047      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         105528      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2127150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461624                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1808661                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        61273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          221438                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        35412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1310714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        35412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1814018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        36410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          216421                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        11583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1308941                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1827946                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6086916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6086916                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1552562                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         275304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           36631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       123245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        65343                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          756                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14525                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1305808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1229223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          248                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399100                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2127150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608692     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       212072      9.97%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107823      5.07%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82178      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64190      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25894      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16563      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8541      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2127150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     13.32%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          793     36.05%     49.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1114     50.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1034380     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18328      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111306      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65057      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1229223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530843                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2200                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4588044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1208790                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1231423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2542                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22351                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1171                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        35412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10556                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1306112                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65343                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11902                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        22797                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1210651                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             169564                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         171712                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            65043                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522822                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1208857                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1208790                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          695074                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1874019                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370900                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       905184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1113977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192069                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2091738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1635119     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       226153     10.81%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85643      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40575      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34042      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19874      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17824      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7733      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24775      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2091738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       905184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1113977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               165045                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              100882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           160721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1003641                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        22958                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3373009                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2647580                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 29351                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                188457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            905184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1113977                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       905184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.558162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.558162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5446819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1685741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1213365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2315940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         186526                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20215                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76674                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71196                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18836                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          901                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1790013                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1063878                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            186526                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        90032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              233081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         57564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        61519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          111857                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2121656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1888575     89.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          24757      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          29427      1.39%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          15807      0.75%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          17658      0.83%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10484      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6884      0.32%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          17918      0.84%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110146      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2121656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.080540                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1774775                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        77372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          230918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1945                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        36643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        30084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1297244                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        36643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1778081                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         15114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        53708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          229615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1295377                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1803224                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6029038                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6029038                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1512556                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         290668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24067                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       124019                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        66656                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1708                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1291813                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1213392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1458                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175607                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       408935                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2121656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1610363     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205892      9.70%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110381      5.20%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76537      3.61%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66836      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33651      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8494      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5452      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4050      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2121656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1120     42.34%     54.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1199     45.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1016598     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18763      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111942      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65942      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1213392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.523931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2645                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4552543                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1191405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1216037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1766                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        36643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10889                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1129                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124019                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66656                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          750                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11126                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        22770                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1193791                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105118                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             171026                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         166634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            65908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.515467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1191504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1191405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          709173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1856168                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.514437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382063                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       888215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1089788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       202386                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2085013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1639694     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206753      9.92%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86594      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51747      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35818      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23242      1.11%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12290      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9616      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19259      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2085013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       888215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1089788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               165215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              100325                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           155985                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          982449                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        19259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3357915                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2620997                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 29547                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                194284                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            888215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1089788                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       888215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.607409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.607409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.383522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.383522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5384586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1656679                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1210084                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         210897                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175731                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20790                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79750                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74700                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1820277                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1156179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            210897                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              239745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        52188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          114645                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2150166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.661282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.042496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1910421     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          14396      0.67%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18148      0.84%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          29076      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12210      0.57%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15762      0.73%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          18163      0.84%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8601      0.40%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         123389      5.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2150166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.091063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.499226                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1809505                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        64284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          238467                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          172                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        31783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1411853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1811931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5679                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        52900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          236186                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5732                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1401976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1958360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6514438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6514438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1603058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         355277                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       132579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        67752                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14987                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1366479                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          342                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1299641                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1677                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2150166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1601389     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248951     11.58%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102292      4.76%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57810      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77766      3.62%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24623      1.15%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23896      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12391      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1048      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2150166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9112     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1271     11.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1171     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1095001     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17631      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119449      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67401      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1299641                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.561172                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11554                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4762678                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1553443                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1263479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1311195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          988                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28240                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1366822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67752                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          469                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12305                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        23781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1275288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             184365                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            67366                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.550656                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1263520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1263479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          757171                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2033615                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       932734                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1149555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20750                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2112429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1625676     76.96%     76.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246963     11.69%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89408      4.23%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44557      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40619      1.92%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17269      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17046      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8120      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22771      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2112429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       932734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1149555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               170659                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              104339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           166678                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1034954                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        22771                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3456469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2771406                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 29403                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                165776                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            932734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1149555                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       932734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.482961                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.482961                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.402745                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.402745                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5736213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1767260                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1304425                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         180737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11271                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62708                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9848                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          505                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1896293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1131729                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            180737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        72556                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              223197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         35870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        45378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          110612                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11159                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2189215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1966018     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           7886      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16547      0.76%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           6764      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          36051      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          32613      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6331      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          13362      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         103643      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2189215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.078040                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1885147                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        56901                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          222260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        24168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        16061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1326378                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        24168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1887667                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         37401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        12783                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          220592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6596                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1324714                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1565557                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6231674                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6231674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1349979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         215563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           18198                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       308429                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       154696                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7519                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1320200                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          991                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       302727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2189215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1741808     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134350      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109855      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47810      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60278      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57927      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32772      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2818      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1597      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2189215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3164     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24484     86.31%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          721      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793587     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11019      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298614     23.75%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154076     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542920                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28369                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022562                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4733316                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1445366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1244521                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2284                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        24168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         33925                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1676                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1320362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           34                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308429                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154696                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        12941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247157                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297512                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             451552                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         163248                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           154040                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.538510                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1244641                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1244521                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          673976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1333321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.537371                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505487                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000582                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144244                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        11308                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2165047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737601     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156550      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73187      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72099      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19662      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83872      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6483      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4599      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10994      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2165047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1000582                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1176272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               445881                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              292757                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           155467                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1046029                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11473                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        10994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3474569                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2665215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 42962                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                126727                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1000582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1176272                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1000582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.314595                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.314595                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.432041                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.432041                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6154856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1452237                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1569301                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         180745                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       147326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          842                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1748241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1066822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            180745                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        86575                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              218686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        59559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          109348                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2066589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1847903     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11437      0.55%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18231      0.88%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          27359      1.32%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11557      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          13801      0.67%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          14434      0.70%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          10128      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         111739      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2066589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.078044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460643                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1726554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        81884                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          217095                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39796                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        29408                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1292855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39796                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1730765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         41167                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        27799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          214259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12800                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1290018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          859                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1766128                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6012050                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6012050                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1452943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         313159                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           37958                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       130371                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        71806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        13889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1285393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1198095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1916                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199815                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       462093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2066589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1556667     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206753     10.00%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113830      5.51%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75226      3.64%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68741      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21462      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15076      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5398      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3436      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2066589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1211     41.27%     52.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1389     47.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       986805     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22015      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118703      9.91%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70439      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1198095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.517325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002449                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4467627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1485549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1176098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1201029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5613                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27466                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          919                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39796                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         30804                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1497                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1285672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           83                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130371                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          796                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        22109                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1180680                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             182599                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         160065                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            70298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.509806                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1176202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1176098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          695939                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1766776                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.507827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.393903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       870385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1061580                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        19516                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2026793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1596838     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204640     10.10%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84831      4.19%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43649      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32705      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18425      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11380      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9494      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24831      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2026793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       870385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1061580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               170214                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              102905                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           147429                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          959806                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        20715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24831                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3288566                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2613018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                249353                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            870385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1061580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       870385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.660825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.660825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.375823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.375823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5358816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1608439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1224643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         175416                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15493                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118485                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114963                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9649                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          461                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1859131                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1000992                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            175416                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       124612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              221901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         51298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        21476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          113833                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2138236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1916335     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          34544      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16489      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          33916      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4           9383      0.44%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          31778      1.49%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           4639      0.22%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           7814      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          83338      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2138236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432218                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1847219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        34078                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          221310                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          235                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        35388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        15613                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1110573                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        35388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1848936                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         18907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        10400                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          219665                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         4934                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1108274                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1445603                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5010130                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5010130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1138619                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         306984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           13190                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       207799                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        30083                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         6362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1100931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1018987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       471072                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2138236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1694317     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132951      6.22%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154301      7.22%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87597      4.10%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44517      2.08%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11600      0.54%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12371      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          307      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          275      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2138236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1698     57.76%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          680     23.13%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          562     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793965     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7428      0.73%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187871     18.44%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29656      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1018987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.439988                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2940                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4180055                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1322206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       990528                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1021927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          840                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1224                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        35388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         14121                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1101067                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207799                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30083                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        16285                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1005288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             214771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         153028                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            29647                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.434073                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent               990973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count              990528                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          601112                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1278597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.427700                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.470134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       877785                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223339                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        15222                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2102848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1779559     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124505      5.92%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82322      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25355      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44371      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7931      0.38%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5205      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4598      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29002      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2102848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       786342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       877785                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               190940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              162081                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           135285                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          764981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        10290                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        29002                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3174970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2237649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 43633                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                177706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            786342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              877785                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       786342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.945210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.945210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.339534                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.339534                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4682678                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1284721                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1189626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         190972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156382                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77418                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73263                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19316                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1827333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1069700                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            190972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        92579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              222231                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         56081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        42123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          113199                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19945                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2127433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1905202     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10290      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16180      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          21720      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          22772      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          19319      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10352      0.49%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          16051      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         105547      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2127433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082460                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461885                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1808624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        61238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          221623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        35579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31177                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1311410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        35579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1814054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         13326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        36221                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          216544                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        11707                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1309667                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1828739                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6090360                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6090360                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1552354                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         276376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           37045                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       123221                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        65341                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          745                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        21371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1306465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1229492                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          248                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2127433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1603644     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       218527     10.27%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109735      5.16%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80103      3.77%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        63168      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25951      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16597      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8487      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1221      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2127433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     13.40%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          796     36.15%     49.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1111     50.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1034718     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18341      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111209      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65072      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1229492                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4588867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1209234                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1231694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2511                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1186                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        35579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10627                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1177                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1306769                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123221                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65341                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        22826                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1211081                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             169613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         171689                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            65058                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1209300                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1209234                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          695224                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1875020                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522135                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       905057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1113817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192949                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2091854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1630891     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230399     11.01%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85191      4.07%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40606      1.94%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36721      1.76%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20050      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16034      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7816      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24146      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2091854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       905057                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1113817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               165017                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              100862                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           160696                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1003498                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22955                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3374474                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2649123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 29299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                188509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            905057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1113817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       905057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.558891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.558891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5448991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1685873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1214192                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         180962                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       147674                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68881                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17862                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          827                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1744544                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1066509                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            180962                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        86743                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              218660                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        60065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          109039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19164                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2063371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1844711     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11480      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18301      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          27306      1.32%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11491      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          13732      0.67%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          14612      0.71%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10068      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         111670      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2063371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.078138                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460508                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1723303                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        81972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          216935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        29297                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1292180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1727545                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         40175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        28653                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          214195                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13005                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1289297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          721                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1764707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6007279                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6007279                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1451843                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         312864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           38365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       130283                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        71925                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3661                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        13888                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1284603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1197250                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199593                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       461613                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2063371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1553540     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206788     10.02%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114009      5.53%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75104      3.64%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68639      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21385      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15114      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5369      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3423      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2063371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1213     41.36%     52.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1390     47.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       986087     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21965      1.83%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118509      9.90%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70556      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1197250                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.516960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2933                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002450                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4462658                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1484540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175134                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4668                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          954                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         29510                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1537                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1284881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           43                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130283                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71925                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          146                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          811                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        22143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179683                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             182556                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         160195                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            70432                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.509375                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1175232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1175134                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          695178                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1764955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.507411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.393879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       869744                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1060768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        19470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2023576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1594047     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204497     10.11%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84791      4.19%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43395      2.14%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32616      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18461      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11457      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9503      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24809      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2023576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       869744                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1060768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               170075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              102818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           147312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          959076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        20699                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24809                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3284567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2611400                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31274                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                252571                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            869744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1060768                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       869744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.662786                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.662786                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.375547                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.375547                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5353162                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1606697                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1224335                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2315942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         186834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153105                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20173                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76410                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71059                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1792527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1066190                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            186834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        89927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              233296                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         57522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        59845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          111974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19900                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2122714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1889418     89.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          24749      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          29221      1.38%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          15750      0.74%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          17650      0.83%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          10598      0.50%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6957      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17979      0.85%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         110392      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2122714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460370                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1777279                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        75701                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          231138                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        36646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        30213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1300062                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2082                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        36646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1780606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         14908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        52233                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          229812                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8506                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1298196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1807390                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6042353                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6042353                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1515096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         292282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           24300                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       124115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        66779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1662                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14200                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1294665                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1215970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1429                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       410409                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2122714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1610629     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205966      9.70%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110557      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76787      3.62%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66953      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33825      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8472      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5440      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4085      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2122714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1119     42.34%     54.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1197     45.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1018854     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18789      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       112060      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        66120      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1215970                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.525043                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2643                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4558726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471422                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1193910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1218613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3113                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1805                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        36646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         10735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1295015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          752                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        22743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1196263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105172                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             171257                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         166957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            66085                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.516534                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1194009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1193910                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          710606                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1860635                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.515518                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       889647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1091537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2086068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1640033     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       207142      9.93%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86702      4.16%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51759      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35823      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23395      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12311      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9643      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19260      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2086068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       889647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1091537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               165444                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              100470                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           156238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          984017                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        19260                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3361813                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2626695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 29554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                193228                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            889647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1091537                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       889647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.603215                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.603215                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384140                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384140                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5395462                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1660255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1212619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3861                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32749.110897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           584421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          15.961245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1188.491886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.117327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.801271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.092052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    81.698881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.570580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    67.890896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.571067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    64.605663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.413191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    85.169941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.044337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    85.663697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.116885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   174.393057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.590995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    64.694236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.891175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    86.180268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.510286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    38.813494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.116632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   176.274790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.686004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   243.814124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.046041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    82.385812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.589629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    69.290169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.685265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   250.438937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.419057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    83.364954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1996.002367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1967.829560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1413.619420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1408.474830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1700.803275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1943.400729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1988.912534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1396.726947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1671.054926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1140.889346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1996.340429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2890.630331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1948.468912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1397.315593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2905.420216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1734.788882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.036270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.005304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.005322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.005379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.007441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.007643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.060913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.060053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.043140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.042983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.051904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.059308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.060697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.042625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.050997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.060923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.088215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.059463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.042643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.088666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.052942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2286                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2286                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          451                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          539                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2259092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47674275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2078882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21780808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2213256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20133844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2200833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19135286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3664781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25479627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1918340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23468284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2262886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     48369253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2138986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19713747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3859831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     26518518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4317111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12869543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2253072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     49011603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1968333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73745577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1914199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21774896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2327756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19973593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2072062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     74719279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3733340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24962498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       570513391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6027801                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6974966                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      13002767                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2259092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47674275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2078882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21780808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2213256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20133844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2200833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19135286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3664781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25479627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1918340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23468284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2262886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     48369253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2138986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19713747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3859831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     26518518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4317111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12869543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2253072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     49011603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1968333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79773378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1914199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21774896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2327756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19973593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2072062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     81694245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3733340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24962498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        583516158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2259092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47674275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2078882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21780808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2213256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20133844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2200833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19135286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3664781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25479627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1918340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23468284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2262886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     48369253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2138986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19713747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3859831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     26518518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4317111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12869543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2253072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     49011603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1968333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79773378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1914199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21774896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2327756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19973593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2072062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     81694245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3733340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24962498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       583516158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2286                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2286                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.320537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.376847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.332054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.262997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.451253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.518597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.423744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.376847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.330153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.261398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.451253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.538697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.544444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.313576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.428874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.376847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.330153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.261398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.451253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.538697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.544444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.313576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.428874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161363.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151828.901274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       159914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151255.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158089.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152529.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157202.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 148335.550388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152699.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152572.616766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147564.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153387.477124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161634.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150215.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152784.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151644.207692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154393.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153286.231214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154182.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149645.848837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160933.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151270.379630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151410.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151117.985656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147246.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149143.123288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166268.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149056.664179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159389.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151868.453252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155555.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152210.353659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151651.619086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 147019.536585                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148403.531915                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147758.715909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161363.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151828.901274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       159914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151255.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158089.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152529.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157202.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 148335.550388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152699.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152572.616766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147564.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153387.477124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161634.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150215.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152784.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151644.207692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154393.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153286.231214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154182.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149645.848837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160933.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151270.379630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151410.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150800.336484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147246.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149143.123288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166268.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149056.664179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159389.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151566.317254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155555.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152210.353659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151562.638442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161363.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151828.901274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       159914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151255.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158089.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152529.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157202.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 148335.550388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152699.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152572.616766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147564.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153387.477124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161634.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150215.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152784.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151644.207692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154393.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153286.231214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154182.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149645.848837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160933.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151270.379630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151410.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150800.336484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147246.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149143.123288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166268.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149056.664179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159389.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151566.317254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155555.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152210.353659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151562.638442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1504                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1504                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             88                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1444594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29402294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1325365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13396430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1401205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12445525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1388139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11620624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2269060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15757493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1163794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14560931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1449654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29631832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1325487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12144865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2406074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16450729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2685262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7858878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1438362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30158520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1212410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45350875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1157994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13267144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1515363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12168672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1318357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     46082681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2335922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15414025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351548560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3638634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4236233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7874867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1444594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29402294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1325365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13396430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1401205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12445525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1388139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11620624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2269060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15757493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1163794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14560931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1449654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29631832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1325487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12144865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2406074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16450729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2685262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7858878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1438362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30158520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1212410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     48989509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1157994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13267144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1515363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12168672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1318357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50318914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2335922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15414025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359423427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1444594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29402294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1325365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13396430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1401205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12445525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1388139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11620624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2269060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15757493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1163794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14560931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1449654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29631832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1325487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12144865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2406074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16450729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2685262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7858878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1438362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30158520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1212410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     48989509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1157994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13267144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1515363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12168672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1318357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50318914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2335922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15414025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359423427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.320537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.376847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.332054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.262997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.451253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.518597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.423744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.376847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.330153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.261398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.451253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.538697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.544444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.313576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.428874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.376847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.330153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.261398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.451253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.538697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.544444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.313576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.428874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103185.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93637.878981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101951.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93030.763889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100086.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94284.280303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99152.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90082.356589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94544.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94356.245509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89522.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95169.483660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103546.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92024.322981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94677.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93422.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96242.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95090.919075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95902.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91382.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102740.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93081.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93262.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92932.120902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89076.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90870.849315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 108240.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90810.985075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101412.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93663.985772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97330.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93987.957317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93447.251462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88747.170732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90132.617021                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89487.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103185.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93637.878981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101951.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93030.763889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100086.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94284.280303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99152.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90082.356589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94544.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94356.245509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89522.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95169.483660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103546.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92024.322981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94677.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93422.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96242.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95090.919075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95902.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91382.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102740.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93081.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93262.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92607.767486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89076.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90870.849315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 108240.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90810.985075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101412.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93356.055659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97330.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93987.957317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93356.734286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103185.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93637.878981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101951.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93030.763889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100086.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94284.280303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99152.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90082.356589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94544.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94356.245509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89522.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95169.483660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103546.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92024.322981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94677.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93422.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96242.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95090.919075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95902.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91382.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102740.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93081.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93262.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92607.767486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89076.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90870.849315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 108240.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90810.985075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101412.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93356.055659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97330.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93987.957317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93356.734286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.116482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.698384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.116482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2644317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2644317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2644317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2644317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2644317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2644317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165269.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165269.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165269.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165269.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165269.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165269.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2409533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2409533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2409533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2409533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2409533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2409533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172109.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172109.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172109.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172109.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172109.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172109.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             291129.880952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.854938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.145062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.393965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.606035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306107827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    306107827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306107827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    306107827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306107827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    306107827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120800.247435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120800.247435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120800.247435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120800.247435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120800.247435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120800.247435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79327971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79327971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79327971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79327971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79327971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79327971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111729.536620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111729.536620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111729.536620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111729.536620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111729.536620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111729.536620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              538.091217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              627180316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1163599.844156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.091217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         113775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        113775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2374964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2374964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2374964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2374964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2374964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2374964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       113788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       113788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 182689.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182689.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 182689.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182689.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 182689.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182689.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2240064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2240064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2240064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2240064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2240064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2240064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172312.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172312.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172312.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172312.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172312.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172312.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              147679921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             224779.179604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   137.346014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   118.653986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.536508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.463492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       170808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       199535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         199535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       199535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        199535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150427723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150427723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150427723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150427723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150427723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150427723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        28727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       200918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       200918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108769.141721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108769.141721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108769.141721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108769.141721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108769.141721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108769.141721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41348488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41348488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41348488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41348488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41348488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41348488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103113.436409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103113.436409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103113.436409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103113.436409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103113.436409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103113.436409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              488.569670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              731806820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1496537.464213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.569670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         113154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        113154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2651029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2651029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2651029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2651029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2651029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2651029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       113169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       113169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176735.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176735.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176735.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176735.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176735.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176735.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2408134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2408134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2408134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172009.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172009.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172009.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172009.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172009.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172009.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              110531392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             176567.718850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   139.904666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   116.095334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.546503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.453497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        76321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         139946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       139946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        139946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150479588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150479588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150479588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150479588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150479588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150479588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        77551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       141176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       141176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122341.128455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122341.128455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122341.128455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122341.128455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122341.128455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122341.128455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37878666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37878666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37878666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37878666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37878666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37878666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102374.772973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102374.772973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102374.772973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102374.772973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102374.772973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102374.772973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              488.570171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              731806973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1496537.777096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.570171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         113307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        113307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       113322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       113322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2375311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2375311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2375311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2375311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2375311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2375311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169665.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169665.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169665.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169665.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169665.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169665.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              110531561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             176567.988818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   140.022023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   115.977977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.546961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.453039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        76434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        63681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         140115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        140115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    146677593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146677593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    146677593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    146677593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    146677593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    146677593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        77644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        63681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       141325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       141325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121221.151240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121221.151240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121221.151240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121221.151240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121221.151240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121221.151240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36912521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36912521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36912521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36912521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36912521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36912521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99763.570270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99763.570270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99763.570270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99763.570270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99763.570270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99763.570270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              500.893106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              732327046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1444432.043393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.893106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.030277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         111897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        111897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4990101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4990101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4990101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4990101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4990101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4990101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       111928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       111928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       160971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       160971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       160971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       160971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       160971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       160971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4143585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4143585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4143585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4143585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4143585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4143585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165743.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165743.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165743.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165743.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165743.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165743.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              115427617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             147984.124359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   158.080834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    97.919166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.617503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.382497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        76678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       141238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         141238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       141238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        141238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214080748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214080748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4705841                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4705841                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    218786589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218786589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    218786589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218786589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       143022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       143022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       143022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       143022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123318.403226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123318.403226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98038.354167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98038.354167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122638.222534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122638.222534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122638.222534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122638.222534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51997826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51997826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       238451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       238451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52236277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52236277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52236277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52236277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99803.888676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99803.888676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79483.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79483.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99687.551527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99687.551527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99687.551527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99687.551527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              538.043484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              627180184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1163599.599258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.043484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         113643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        113643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2279538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2279538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2279538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2279538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2279538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2279538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       113656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       113656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175349.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175349.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175349.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175349.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175349.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175349.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2144438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2144438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2144438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2144438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2144438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2144438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164956.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164956.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164956.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164956.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164956.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164956.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              147679620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             223080.996979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   137.432056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   118.567944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.536844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.463156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       199234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         199234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       199234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        199234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    151718624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151718624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    151718624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151718624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    151718624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151718624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       171968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        28649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       200617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       200617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109702.548084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109702.548084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109702.548084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109702.548084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109702.548084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109702.548084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42423725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42423725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42423725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42423725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42423725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42423725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104491.933498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104491.933498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104491.933498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104491.933498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104491.933498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104491.933498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.115987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750118485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1346711.822262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.115987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       110653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       110653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         110653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       110653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        110653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2652912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2652912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2652912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2652912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2652912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2652912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       110668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       110668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       110668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       110668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       110668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176860.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176860.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176860.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176860.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176860.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176860.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2453653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2453653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2453653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2453653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2453653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2453653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175260.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175260.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175260.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175260.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175260.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175260.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              281231023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             289928.889691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   100.769387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   155.230613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.393630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.606370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       280476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       433263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         433263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       433263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        433263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310702692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310702692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310702692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    310702692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310702692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    310702692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       283025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       152787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       435812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       435812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121891.993723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121891.993723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121891.993723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121891.993723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121891.993723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121891.993723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     79830493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79830493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     79830493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79830493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     79830493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79830493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111807.413165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111807.413165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111807.413165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111807.413165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111807.413165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111807.413165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.590152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              731806783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1496537.388548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.590152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       113117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       113117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         113117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       113117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        113117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2527449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2527449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2527449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2527449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2527449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2527449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       113132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       113132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168496.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168496.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168496.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168496.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168496.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168496.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2267183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2267183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2267183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2267183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2267183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2267183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161941.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161941.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161941.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161941.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161941.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161941.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              110531810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             176006.066879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   139.965445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   116.034555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.546740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.453260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        76488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        63876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       140364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         140364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       140364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        140364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149019902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149019902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149019902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149019902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149019902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149019902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        77728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        63876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       141604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       141604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120177.340323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120177.340323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120177.340323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120177.340323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120177.340323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120177.340323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37422278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37422278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37422278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37422278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37422278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37422278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100597.521505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100597.521505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100597.521505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100597.521505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100597.521505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100597.521505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.370833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              732326973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1441588.529528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.370833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.031043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         111824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        111824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5152550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5152550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5152550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5152550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5152550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5152550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       111857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       111857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156137.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156137.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156137.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156137.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156137.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156137.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4350879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4350879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4350879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4350879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4350879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4350879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167341.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167341.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167341.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167341.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167341.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167341.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              115427522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             147984.002564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   158.043793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    97.956207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.617359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.382641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        64519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       141143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         141143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       141143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        141143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    215407653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215407653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4709024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4709024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220116677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220116677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220116677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220116677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       142926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       142926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124082.749424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124082.749424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       100192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123452.987661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123452.987661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123452.987661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123452.987661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52842145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52842145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       204523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53046668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53046668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53046668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53046668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101424.462572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101424.462572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68174.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68174.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101234.099237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101234.099237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101234.099237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101234.099237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              476.617335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735275447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1516031.849485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.617335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.034643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         114606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        114606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6127189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6127189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6127189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6127189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6127189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6127189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       114645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       114645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157107.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157107.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157107.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157107.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157107.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157107.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4804046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4804046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4804046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4804046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4804046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4804046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160134.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160134.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160134.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160134.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160134.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160134.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              106621855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             182259.581197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   124.272577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   131.727423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.485440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.514560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        89820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        65984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         155804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        155804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85927312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85927312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       542891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     86470203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     86470203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     86470203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     86470203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        90671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        65991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100972.164512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100972.164512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77555.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77555.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100781.122378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100781.122378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100781.122378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100781.122378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     29948708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29948708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       133416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30082124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30082124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30082124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30082124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91586.262997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91586.262997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        66708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91435.027356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91435.027356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91435.027356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91435.027356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.115758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750118428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1346711.719928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.115758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       110596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       110596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         110596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       110596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        110596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2702828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2702828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2702828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2702828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2702828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2702828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       110612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       110612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       110612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       110612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       110612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168926.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168926.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168926.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168926.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168926.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168926.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2462566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2462566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2462566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175897.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175897.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175897.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175897.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175897.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175897.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              281231352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             288738.554415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   100.965463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   155.034537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.394396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.605604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       280619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       152974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       433593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         433593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       433593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        433593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    312796377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312796377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    312796377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    312796377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    312796377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    312796377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       283197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       152974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       436171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       436171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121332.962374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121332.962374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121332.962374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121332.962374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121332.962374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121332.962374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     80478296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80478296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     80478296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80478296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     80478296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80478296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112086.763231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112086.763231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112086.763231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112086.763231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112086.763231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112086.763231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              501.685220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              735400319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1464940.874502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.685220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         109332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       109332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        109332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2361958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2361958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2361958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2361958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2361958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2361958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       109348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       109348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147622.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147622.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147622.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147622.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147622.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147622.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2078777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2078777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2078777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2078777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2078777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2078777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159905.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159905.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159905.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159905.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159905.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159905.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              122589083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             99021.876414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   190.112610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    65.887390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.742627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.257373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        82374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       149029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         149029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       149029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        149029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    306114045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    306114045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     53632146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53632146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    359746191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    359746191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    359746191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    359746191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        84670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        66958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.027117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 133324.932491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133324.932491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 177003.782178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177003.782178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 138417.156983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138417.156983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 138417.156983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138417.156983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    110231257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110231257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6478350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    116709607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116709607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    116709607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116709607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117142.674814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117142.674814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 158008.536585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158008.536585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118848.886965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118848.886965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118848.886965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118848.886965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              538.045240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              627180361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1163599.927644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.045240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         113820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        113820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2176227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2176227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2176227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2176227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2176227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2176227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       113833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       113833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167402.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167402.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167402.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167402.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167402.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167402.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2040127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2040127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2040127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2040127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2040127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2040127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156932.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156932.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156932.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156932.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156932.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156932.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              147679770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             223418.714070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   137.757399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   118.242601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.538115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.461885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       199384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         199384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       199384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        199384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    147659200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147659200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    147659200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    147659200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    147659200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    147659200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       172045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        28724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       200769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       200769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106613.140794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106613.140794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106613.140794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106613.140794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106613.140794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106613.140794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     41104355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41104355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     41104355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41104355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     41104355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41104355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101492.234568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101492.234568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101492.234568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101492.234568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101492.234568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101492.234568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.588734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              731806850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1496537.525562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.588734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         113184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        113184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2769226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2769226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2769226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2769226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2769226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2769226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       113199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       113199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184615.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184615.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184615.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184615.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 184615.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184615.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2504628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2504628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2504628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2504628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2504628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2504628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       178902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       178902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       178902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       178902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       178902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       178902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              110531889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             176568.512780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   139.953109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   116.046891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.546692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.453308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        76575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        63868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         140443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        140443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147673807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147673807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147673807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    147673807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147673807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    147673807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        77797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        63868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       141665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       141665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120845.995908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120845.995908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120845.995908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120845.995908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120845.995908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120845.995908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37201822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37201822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37201822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37201822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37201822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37201822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100545.464865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100545.464865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100545.464865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100545.464865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100545.464865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100545.464865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.684448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735400010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1464940.258964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.684448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         109023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        109023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2501965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2501965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2501965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2501965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2501965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2501965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       109039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       109039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156372.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156372.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156372.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156372.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156372.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156372.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2217642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2217642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2217642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2217642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2217642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2217642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170587.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170587.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170587.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170587.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170587.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170587.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  990                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              122588836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             98385.903692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.829584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.170416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.745428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.254572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        66552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         148783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        148783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    298484125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298484125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     62472642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62472642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    360956767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    360956767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    360956767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    360956767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        84470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        66906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       151376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       151376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 133311.355516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133311.355516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 176476.389831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176476.389831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139204.306595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139204.306595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139204.306595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139204.306595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    111219306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111219306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7454634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7454634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    118673940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118673940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    118673940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118673940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       117942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       117942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 158609.234043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158609.234043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119872.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119872.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119872.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119872.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              500.899540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              732327090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1444432.130178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.899540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.030288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       111941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       111941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         111941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       111941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        111941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5196449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5196449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5196449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5196449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5196449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5196449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       111974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       111974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       111974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       111974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       111974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157468.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157468.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157468.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157468.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157468.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157468.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4261633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4261633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4261633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4261633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4261633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4261633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170465.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170465.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170465.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170465.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170465.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170465.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              115427747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             148174.258023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   158.156146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    97.843854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.617797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.382203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        76767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        64603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       141370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         141370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       141370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        141370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    211502030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211502030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5273671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5273671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    216775701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    216775701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    216775701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    216775701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       143153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       143153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       143153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       143153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.022114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121832.966590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121832.966590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112205.765957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112205.765957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121579.192933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121579.192933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121579.192933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121579.192933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51391189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51391189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       281323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       281323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51672512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51672512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51672512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51672512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98829.209615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98829.209615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93774.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93774.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98800.214149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98800.214149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98800.214149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98800.214149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
