
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106038390819                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632225375583                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 212074                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   268519                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1295625                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 81843.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17356833161                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21976502889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1464448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2227584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1467264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4182144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3565952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3550336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1053824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2242304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3561344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1054208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1464320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4182912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2224000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2233984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1468160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37075840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10196992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10196992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        27859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        27737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        27823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         8236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                289655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           79664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                79664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        50699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13810545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21007335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13837102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39439904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33628877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33481610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9938136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21146153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33585421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9941758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13809338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39447147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20973536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21067691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13845551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               349645442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        50699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             752030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          96163210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               96163210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          96163210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        50699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13810545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21007335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        53113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13837102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39439904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33628877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33481610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9938136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21146153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33585421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9941758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13809338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39447147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20973536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21067691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13845551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              445808651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191893973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17502150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238182485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212954999     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547630      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952721      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308168      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685593      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950111      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894211      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794746      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238182485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190768594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18741318                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147911897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962894                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17582047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205287437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683604694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683604694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904833                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143514360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137728963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127494                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35242840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238182485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179821045     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614824     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889848      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097128      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265968      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540962      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500319      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346665      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105726      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238182485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938851     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129352     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122801     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116029801     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620453      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178328      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137728963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514958908                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160884429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138919967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143550111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134142813                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80386934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215922000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20327373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234628921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182476095     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431899     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592266      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782050      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375917      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835532      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817988      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865924      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451250      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234628921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451250                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375727647                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290654958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16106223                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608911843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19652798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16080767                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1917208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8063681                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7726888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030514                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87543                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189171052                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            109940430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19652798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9757402                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22942058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5241998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     10300971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11572905                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1918803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    225713899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      202771841     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1069744      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1697701      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2300460      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2363675      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2002590      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1120605      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1664720      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10722563      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    225713899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077285                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432345                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      187223131                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     12265660                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22899269                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        26389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3299449                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3234695                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    134885902                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3299449                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      187736792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1679273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      9395752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22417854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1184776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    134836122                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       175804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       508408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    188164409                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    627283994                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    627283994                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    163114039                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25050366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        33425                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17390                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3517337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12610608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6840779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80305                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        134673001                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33546                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       127883850                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17526                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14898566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35688420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1204                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225713899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171573943     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22287845      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11273145      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8497440      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6677280      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2700104      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699933      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885515      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118694      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225713899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24477     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77828     36.68%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109885     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107552847     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1911201      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16032      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11584410      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6819360      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    127883850                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212190                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481711312                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149605646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125970224                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    128096040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       262427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2013948                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3299449                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1390350                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134706682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12610608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6840779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2193665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126123211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10901343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1760636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           17720439                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17921422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6819096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.495984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            125970429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           125970224                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        72308032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       194839778                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.495383                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95084679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    117000773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17705927                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1941454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222414450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174387433     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23816397     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8986945      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4287215      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3625977      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072430      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1801367      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818907      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2617779      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222414450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     95084679                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    117000773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17337979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10596660                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16134                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16871633                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       105416338                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2409292                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2617779                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          354502708                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         272712920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2864990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              28574809                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          95084679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           117000773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     95084679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.674339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.674339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      567650683                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     175475841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     125059005                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17499320                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15619215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1388353                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11588500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11404311                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047604                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41909                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184662347                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             99362927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17499320                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12451915                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22145799                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4561361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7425312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11171015                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1362975                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    217398625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      195252826     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3373452      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1706472      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3335369      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1067856      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3085063      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         485872      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         794005      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8297710      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    217398625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068817                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390748                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      182898367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9231557                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22101935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        18003                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3148759                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1659165                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        16408                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    111167965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        31172                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3148759                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      183100678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       5924635                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2669904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21901307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       653338                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    111003726                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        85674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       500976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    145479818                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    503035213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    503035213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    117996487                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       27483311                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        14923                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7557                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1506568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     19985228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3259940                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       742113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        110416661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14976                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       103427747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19907710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40668924                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217398625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172067002     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14257283      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15190911      6.99%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8790962      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4542548      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1139650      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1351359      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32120      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26790      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217398625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173989     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71434     23.50%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58488     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81108357     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811157      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7366      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18270680     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3230187      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    103427747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406734                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303911                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002938                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424630443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130339619                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100794969                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    103731658                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        81745                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4051303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3148759                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5171811                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110431717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19985228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3259940                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7553                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2041                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       936836                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       536823                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1473659                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102110412                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18005153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1317335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21235186                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15519925                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3230033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.401553                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            100817894                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           100794969                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        60973049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       132824287                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.396380                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459050                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80277699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     90389232                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20046958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1379574                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214249866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180598225     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13224162      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8492646      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2672267      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4433828      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       867076      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549058      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502895      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2909709      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214249866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     80277699                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     90389232                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19111419                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            15933920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7414                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         13868969                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        78993911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1131091                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2909709                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          321776048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         224023598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4115758                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              36890083                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          80277699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            90389232                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     80277699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.167613                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.167613                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      474587226                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     131332109                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     118044919                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        14846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19673533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16096590                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920808                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8056500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7734848                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032438                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87524                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189467061                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110063886                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19673533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9767286                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            22962525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5248844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10151374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11590402                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922275                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    225884714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      202922189     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1065387      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1695377      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2303579      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2368040      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2005666      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1121013      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1671783      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10731680      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    225884714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077367                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432830                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      187515107                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12120716                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        22919813                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26399                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3302678                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3239211                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          366                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    135044599                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1942                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3302678                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      188026400                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1690566                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      9236251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22440786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1188030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    134998998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       176575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       509641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    188381927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    628036694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    628036694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    163321998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25059927                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        33451                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17397                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3524083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12626307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6849047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80660                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1631550                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        134846455                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       128056296                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17537                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14907501                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35699736                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225884714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171701582     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22282781      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11276677      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8517772      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6693833      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2704613      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1702188      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       886824      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118444      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225884714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24376     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77947     36.68%     48.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110164     51.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107701254     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1913784      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16053      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11597677      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6827528      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    128056296                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503586                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482227330                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149788044                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126141319                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    128268783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       261618                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2016112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          522                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99096                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3302678                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1400692                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134880159                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12626307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6849047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17398                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          522                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1117292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2197227                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126293009                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10913975                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763287                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           17741240                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17944675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6827265                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496652                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            126141532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           126141319                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        72404562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       195107037                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496056                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95205978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117150087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17730080                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32382                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1945085                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222582036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174517593     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23824527     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8998913      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4292964      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3616359      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2074899      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1812600      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820137      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2624044      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222582036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     95205978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117150087                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17360143                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10610193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16893172                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       105550886                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2412379                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2624044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          354837496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         273063077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2870170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              28403994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          95205978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117150087                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     95205978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.670932                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.670932                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374401                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374401                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      568411594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     175706793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     125201451                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        32354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17201764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15523128                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6390663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6152168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         944894                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39794                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182370578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            108085725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17201764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7097062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21386923                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2846247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     25265466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10461766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903031                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    230947551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      209560628     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         762236      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1564905      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         671525      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3550098      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3158923      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         609140      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1277278      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9792818      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    230947551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.425051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      180486728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     27160683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21307542                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        68487                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      1924106                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1508877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    126780916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      1924106                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      180727315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      25243262                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1098031                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21164281                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       790551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    126707412                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       405496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       261208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6186                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    148722558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    596700841                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    596700841                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    131831029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       16891512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        14687                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1836626                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     29896822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15121095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       730092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126455132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14730                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       121511027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79468                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9871262                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23771699                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230947551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187317026     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13318621      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10772809      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4659059      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5827223      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5515279      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3132703      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250542      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154289      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230947551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305134     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2336095     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68198      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76218724     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061546      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7272      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29150108     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15073377     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    121511027                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477847                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2709427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476758500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136344237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120461604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    124220454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218703                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1180936                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3119                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106548                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10706                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      1924106                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      24630806                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       236586                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126469948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29896822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15121095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146890                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          107                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3119                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       532414                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1056132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120664589                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29045675                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           44117619                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       15807498                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15071944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            120464802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           120461604                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        65071795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       128443427                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506618                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97850689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    114990610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11493151                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       918946                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229023445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187163968     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15406818      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7172447      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7056907      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1953622      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8074744      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       615291      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448961      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130687      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229023445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     97850689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    114990610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             43730422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            28715878                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15185057                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102254352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1113808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1130687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          354376233                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         254891817                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3914050                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              23341157                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          97850689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           114990610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     97850689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.598742                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.598742                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      596468636                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     139876711                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     150892283                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        14632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17900497                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14637923                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1749414                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7594489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7083997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1842637                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173867404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            101508935                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17900497                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8926634                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21287944                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5067781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7969848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10690592                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1760597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    206404763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      185116819     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1156449      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1828096      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2894981      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1211089      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1359490      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1430648      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         936676      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10470515      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    206404763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.399188                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      172229936                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9620391                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21221812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        53515                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3279107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2935572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123966447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3279107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      172484782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1969052                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6888527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21024958                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       758335                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123883804                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        30792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       212759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       275879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        56381                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    171964056                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    576287815                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    576287815                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    146958552                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25005498                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        32113                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17900                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2234123                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     11819695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6352936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191687                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1439851                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        123710290                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32206                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       117184072                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148137                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15508765                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34438247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3549                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206404763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156948434     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19874317      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10862640      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7391995      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6903321      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1996093      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1540755      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527453      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359755      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206404763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27271     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82654     38.31%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105799     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98162271     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1850134      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14209      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10838719      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6318739      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    117184072                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.460831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215724                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441136768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139252569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115311216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    117399796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          305                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1336                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7285                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3279107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1210761                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106771                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123742636                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11819695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6352936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79140                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1336                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       995724                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2020091                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115525871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10196217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1658201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           16513386                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16265551                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6317169                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.454310                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            115312042                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           115311216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67420423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       176085134                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.453466                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382885                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86322929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    105809906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17933251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28657                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1786920                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203125656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160170953     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20799779     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8101195      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4365027      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3267637      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1823596      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1124890      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005844      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2466735      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203125656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     86322929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    105809906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             15865473                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             9699475                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             14298                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15188590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        95342599                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2149507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2466735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          324401506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         250765625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2816652                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              47883945                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          86322929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           105809906                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     86322929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.945784                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.945784                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.339468                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.339468                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      520987723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     159830250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     115638344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        28630                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17871962                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14613931                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1746288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7568543                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7068926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1840102                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77686                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173564559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            101341193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17871962                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8909028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21249275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5058109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8077622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10671513                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1757423                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    206164638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      184915363     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1154427      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1821447      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2889311      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1208318      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1358761      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1427127      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         934272      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10455612      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    206164638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070282                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398528                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      171930300                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9724915                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21183544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        53161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3272716                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2931594                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          442                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    123763039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3272716                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      172185649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1952394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6993956                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        20985884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       774037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    123681628                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        43349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       212251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       276373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        71629                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    171685702                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    575339647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    575339647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    146728325                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       24957372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32003                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2235948                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     11798791                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6342457                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191351                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1436080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        123507821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32100                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       116995061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148385                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15479995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34371211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3487                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206164638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156791654     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19840575      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10846243      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7375514      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6891852      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1991470      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1540253      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527434      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359643      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206164638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27178     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82413     38.29%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105655     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98005632     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1846194      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14187      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10820842      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6308206      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    116995061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.460088                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215246                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440518391                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139021225                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115121123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    117210307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355935                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2114485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          331                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1338                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7335                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3272716                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1196334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123540063                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11798791                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6342457                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78486                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1338                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1021157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       994915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2016072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115335107                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10177267                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1659954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16483714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16239003                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6306447                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453560                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            115122064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           115121123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67309501                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       175802570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452718                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86187709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    105644128                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17896463                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1783625                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202891922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160009595     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20764862     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8085617      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4356412      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3262536      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1821344      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1123229      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004058      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2464269      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202891922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     86187709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    105644128                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             15840639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9684303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14276                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15164823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        95193195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2146140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2464269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          323967672                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         250354089                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2812305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              48124070                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          86187709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           105644128                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     86187709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.950406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.950406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      520123331                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     159572073                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     115445134                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        28586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22068703                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18373713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002828                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8471439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8084131                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191964046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            121039514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22068703                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10459202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25236702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5576414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     17398389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11918718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914284                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    238159361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      212922659     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1548173      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1953426      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3095418      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1308678      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1686209      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1950834      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         894539      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12799425      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    238159361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      190838256                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     18638051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25116373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        11808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3359937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    147966073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      191032626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        618230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     17478294                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24933805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       541531                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    147050467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        77537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       377923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    205362550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    683855277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    683855277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171949443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       33413072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18570                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1905536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13773456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7202798                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143567056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       137779392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127532                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17340073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35256183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238159361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179776569     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26624565     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10893827      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6099283      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8269068      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541913      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501227      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347147      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105762      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238159361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939199     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129397     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122844     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116072314     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884022      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17053      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12625048      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180955      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    137779392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515037115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160943547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134191517                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    138970832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2597419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100872                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        469945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59510                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143602819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13773456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7202798                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18571                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2310319                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135376886                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12420454                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19600735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19148153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7180281                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532375                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            134191965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           134191517                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        80416363                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       216001137                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100036614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123268444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20334944                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2019977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234604490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182432521     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26441626     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9595779      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783797      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4377523      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836204      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818660      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866243      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452137      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234604490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100036614                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123268444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18277960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11176034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17867480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110981730                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2545468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2452137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          375755039                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290761695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2909255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16129347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100036614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123268444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100036614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.541956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.541956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      609134853                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     187511112                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     136842472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34374                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254288063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18687412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15327176                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1831619                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7856839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7307712                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178538614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            106164686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18687412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9227869                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23362387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5190359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     16752939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10998014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820734                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    221980454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      198618067     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2532590      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2937151      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1614460      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1847220      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1027001      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         698774      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1804513      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10900678      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    221980454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073489                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      177082274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     18236742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23167519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       184516                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3309401                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3030428                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17114                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    129593609                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        84717                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3309401                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      177365310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6218127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     11224705                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23076550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       786359                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    129513128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       202765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       362289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    180004274                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    602956609                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    602956609                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    153884899                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26119318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2105689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12373243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6735424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1491771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        129305810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       122293479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16008977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36874915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221980454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170435057     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20744520      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11142216      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7706426      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6732636      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3442455      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838454      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537814      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400876      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221980454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32667     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111428     42.44%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118458     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102367214     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1909475      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14986      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11314911      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6686893      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    122293479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262553                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    467001883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145350299                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120256220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    122556032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308133                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2176485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          727                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137937                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7491                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3879                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3309401                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5794771                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129340291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12373243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6735424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19262                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95758                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1065029                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2089072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120484665                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10626450                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1808814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17311910                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16864712                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6685460                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473812                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            120258262                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           120256220                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        71482600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       187152902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472913                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381948                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90365657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    110867910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18473640                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30226                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1842138                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218671053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173373830     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21007364      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8802240      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5292216      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3660898      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2367766      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224933      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987050      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1954756      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218671053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     90365657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    110867910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16794202                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10196741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15080                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15867163                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        99951874                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2255649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1954756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          346057236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         261992652                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2735558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              32307609                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          90365657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           110867910                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     90365657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.813990                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.813990                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355367                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355367                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      543507038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     166913117                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     120960889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17850755                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14597978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1746960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7572876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7062904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1837246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77536                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173432713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            101230012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17850755                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8900150                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21227860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5060622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8039882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10664760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1758177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    205975423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      184747563     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1151999      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1821999      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2887196      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1207163      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1356220      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1427512      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         934655      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10441116      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    205975423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      171799493                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9686280                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21161745                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        53395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3274508                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2926689                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    123624871                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2822                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3274508                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      172052787                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1996019                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6925142                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        20966378                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       760587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    123543383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        35589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       211417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       275778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        61045                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    171496189                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    574694777                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    574694777                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    146531833                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       24964348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        32035                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17867                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2227973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     11787387                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6333934                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191187                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1438080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        123372411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32131                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       116858049                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147834                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15492117                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34373355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3559                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205975423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156655751     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19821990      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10832369      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7369752      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6883684      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1989184      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1536263      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527609      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       358821      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205975423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27294     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82302     38.25%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105571     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97890931     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1844424      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14168      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10808583      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6299943      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    116858049                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459549                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440054522                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138897963                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    114988954                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    117073216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       353936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116023                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          355                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1329                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185840                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7262                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3274508                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1242658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106585                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123404675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        41515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11787387                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6333934                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17859                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79095                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1329                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1022700                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       994188                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2016888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115202676                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10166320                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1655373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           16464763                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16218450                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6298443                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.453039                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            114989752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           114988954                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67230569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       175597061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.452198                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86072300                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    105502786                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17902405                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28572                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1784340                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202700915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159870778     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20739167     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8077455      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4351634      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3258855      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1819895      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1121290      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1003556      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2458285      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202700915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     86072300                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    105502786                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             15819458                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             9671364                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             14256                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15144593                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        95065794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2143277                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2458285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          323647249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         250085081                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2811045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              48313285                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          86072300                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           105502786                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     86072300                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.954362                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.954362                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      519528445                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     159386053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     115317973                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        28544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       22070614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18374678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2003573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8535953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8088735                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375822                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93366                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192047121                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            121058379                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          22070614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10464557                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25241120                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5572143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     17309632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11923297                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1915093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    238153038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      212911918     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1549324      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1956262      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3096837      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1308156      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1686799      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1951015      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         893076      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12799651      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    238153038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476067                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      190921212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     18549114                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25120981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        11858                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3549871                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3360589                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          529                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    147972339                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2578                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3549871                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      191115350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        618028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     17390570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24938772                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       540443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    147058233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        77774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       376641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    205386652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    683898653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    683898653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    172020720                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       33365932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35776                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18715                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1900612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13761706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7204510                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635800                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143574290                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35906                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       137820147                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127543                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17297146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35099493                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1491                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238153038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179748222     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26640974     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10894815      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6100427      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8270254      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541942      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2503081      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347534      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105789      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238153038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        940073     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128122     10.76%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122902     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116105928     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884566      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17060      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12630150      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7182443      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    137820147                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.541983                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191097                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008642                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515111972                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160908005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134231425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    139011244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2581063                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          665                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99660                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549871                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        469858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59338                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143610205                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13761706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7204510                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18716                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51929                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          665                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185732                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2310826                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135415959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12424432                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2404188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19606108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19154591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7181676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532528                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            134231998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           134231425                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        80432937                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       216030656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527870                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372322                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100077994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    123319451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20291321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2020739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234603167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182410241     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26451114     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9599795      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4785564      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4379901      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1838968      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818001      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       867059      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452524      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234603167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100077994                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    123319451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18285493                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11180643                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17874877                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       111027653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2546524                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2452524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          375760713                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         290771434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2908831                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              16135670                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100077994                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           123319451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100077994                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.540905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.540905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      609322973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     187569970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     136866582                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19647038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16074322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1917783                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8031545                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7720888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030228                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87369                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189202670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109921772                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19647038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9751116                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22931500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5242320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     10329543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11574188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1919210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    225763273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      202831773     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1064395      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1692277      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2300716      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2363110      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2002719      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1120895      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1670018      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10717370      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    225763273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077263                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432272                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      187251466                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     12297536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22888989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        26090                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3299191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3235356                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    134865985                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1970                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3299191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      187761677                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1701062                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      9405209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22410708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1185423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    134820434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       175810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       508807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    188137600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    627204203                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    627204203                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    163112467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25025133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        33468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17431                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3521255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12607995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6841120                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1628776                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        134668018                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       127889177                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17555                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14882060                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35646413                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1245                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225763273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171653149     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22251754      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11263745      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8503989      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6684429      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2700307      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1701492      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885501      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118907      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225763273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24414     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77847     36.68%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109976     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107559505     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910947      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16032      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11583500      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6819193      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    127889177                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502929                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212237                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481771419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149584203                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125974158                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    128101414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       260922                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2011441                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99866                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3299191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1411739                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116687                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134701744                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12607995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6841120                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17436                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115188                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078839                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2194027                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126126273                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10900125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           17719049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17921177                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6818924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495996                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            125974377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           125974158                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        72305512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       194840530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.495398                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371101                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95083763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    116999636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17702130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1942028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222464082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174461351     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23794440     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8987701      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4286758      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3611114      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072341      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1810621      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818415      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2621341      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222464082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     95083763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    116999636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17337808                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10596554                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16134                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16871465                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       105415323                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2409271                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2621341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          354543844                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         272702785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2865815                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              28525435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          95083763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           116999636                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     95083763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.674365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.674365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.373921                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.373921                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      567659412                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     175474375                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     125039878                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        32314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17162461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15488197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6412704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6138140                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         945234                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39531                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182051800                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            107844095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17162461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7083374                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21335643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       2839698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     25580036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10444160                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903060                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    230885472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      209549829     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         760718      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1558394      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         666701      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3543280      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3158313      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         610055      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1275468      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9762714      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    230885472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.424101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      180164212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     27479090                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21256403                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        68274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      1917488                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1504829                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          481                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    126472547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2716                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      1917488                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      180404643                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      25539311                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1115519                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21112353                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       796153                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126402982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       409502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       262091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6523                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    148386688                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    595292083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    595292083                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    131547800                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       16838882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        14668                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7410                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1842665                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     29826752                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     15082277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138133                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       731957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126154772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14710                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       121226114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73718                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9814606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23637104                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230885472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187346042     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13299321      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10751723      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4648662      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5809350      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5499759      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3127143      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249468      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154004      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230885472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305243     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2330365     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68106      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76042884     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1058512      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7256      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29076577     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15040885     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    121226114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.476726                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2703714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476115132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135987197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120186565                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    123929828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217859                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1170902                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          475                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3115                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99183                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10679                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      1917488                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      24924194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       236219                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126169579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29826752                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15082277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7410                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          125                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3115                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523906                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1055564                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120382181                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28978695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       843933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           44018024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15772906                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         15039329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.473407                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            120189762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           120186565                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        64928306                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       128177273                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472638                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97642206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    114745317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11438554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       919016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228967984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187193203     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15379228      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7159140      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7040195      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1948513      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8057552      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       614060      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447692      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1128401      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228967984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     97642206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    114745317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             43638936                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            28655847                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15152613                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       102036108                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1111356                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1128401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          354023168                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         254285412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3908010                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              23403236                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          97642206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           114745317                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     97642206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.604291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.604291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383982                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383982                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      595109422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     139564922                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     150560905                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17491963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15610123                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1386652                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11554610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11398935                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1048982                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41756                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184594581                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             99321781                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17491963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12447917                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22134398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4556685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      7421617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11165725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1361127                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    217312782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      195178384     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3373327      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1701053      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3332943      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1069427      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3084999      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         486512      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         794750      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        8291387      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    217312782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.390587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      182828193                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9230384                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22090712                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        17715                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3145774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1660946                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        16412                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    111114202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        31184                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3145774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      183028860                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       5991701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2601085                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21891545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       653813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    110952882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        86804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       500903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    145415494                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    502836709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    502836709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    117969638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       27445843                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        14908                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7545                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1503843                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     19982058                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3256671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       742255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        110375334                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14960                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       103371472                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67546                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19886608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40662504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217312782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172000154     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14250658      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15190510      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8787810      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4535777      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1138811      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1350953      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31389      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26720      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217312782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173809     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71411     23.51%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58494     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81074397     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       810886      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7364      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18249284     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3229541      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    103371472                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.406512                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002938                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424426986                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130277165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100759856                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    103675186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4050870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80068                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3145774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       5248770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110390376                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19982058                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3256671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7543                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37517                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2111                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       933916                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       537417                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1471333                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102063184                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17990837                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1308288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21220231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       15518187                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3229394                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.401367                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            100782733                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           100759856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        60958721                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       132845122                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.396242                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.458871                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80260660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     90369366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20025507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14850                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1377874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214167008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180524478     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13217648      6.17%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8491722      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2672932      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4432782      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       866989      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       548927      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502397      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2909133      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214167008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     80260660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     90369366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19107789                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            15931186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7410                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         13866047                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        78976290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1130781                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2909133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          321652449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         223937983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4116131                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              36975926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          80260660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            90369366                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     80260660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.168286                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.168286                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.315628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.315628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      474395551                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     131290521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     118001238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        14834                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254288705                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18671229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15312678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1830120                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7824402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7298015                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82602                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178361600                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            106091586                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18671229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9216275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23342083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5188551                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     16737673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10988034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1819308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    221767386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      198425303     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2531339      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2929485      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1611422      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1847338      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1025396      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         697072      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1805364      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10894667      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    221767386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.417209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      176905593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     18221000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23147281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       184583                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3308927                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3028993                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17105                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    129508833                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        84854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3308927                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      177188276                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6122584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     11304323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23056476                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       786798                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    129428193                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       202562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       362608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           17                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    179874838                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    602564994                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    602564994                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    153744562                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26130276                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        34276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19269                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2103559                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12366275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6731113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1492567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        129220490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       122196562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       173268                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16025236                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36933122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221767386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170264844     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20726068      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11134139      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7696673      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6729784      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3440413      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837740      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537244      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400481      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221767386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32443     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111836     42.59%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118296     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102284567     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1908333      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14973      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11305275      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6683414      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    122196562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.480543                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262575                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466596353                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145281240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120160953                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    122459137                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308189                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2178854                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          755                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139643                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7487                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4065                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3308927                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5677845                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136325                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129254969                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12366275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6731113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19281                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95221                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1063738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024458                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2088196                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120390884                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10618589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1805678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           17300534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16850535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6681945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473442                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            120162943                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           120160953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        71420827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       187014231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472538                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381900                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90283338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    110766720                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18489594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1840641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218458459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173204638     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20984822      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8796294      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5287981      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3655506      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2364910      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224863      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       985945      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1953500      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218458459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     90283338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    110766720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16778891                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10187421                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15068                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15852601                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        99860687                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2253573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1953500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          345760662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         261821623                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2732780                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              32521319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          90283338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           110766720                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     90283338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.816563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.816563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.355043                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.355043                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      543077157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     166773468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     120876992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        30174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254288641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19683859                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16104094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920815                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8044345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7736406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189514326                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            110117024                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19683859                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9770509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22971930                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5250652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     10195602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           73                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11593798                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    225988415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      203016485     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1066655      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1694291      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2303746      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2369811      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2005649      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1121511      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1673121      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10737146      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    225988415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      187563665                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     12164964                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22928987                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        26340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3304458                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3241819                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    135105288                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3304458                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      188074997                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1703027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      9268213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22449866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1187851                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    135058998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       176123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       509816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    188468663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    628312505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    628312505                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    163407773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25060759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33476                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3527278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12630448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6852992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80477                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1687679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        134906581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       128117960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17610                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14904324                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35694304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1198                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225988415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171738895     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22343510      9.89%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11298507      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8504249      3.76%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6688097      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2704055      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1704879      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       887032      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119191      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225988415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24368     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78008     36.64%     48.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110525     51.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107752883     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1914235      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16061      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11603644      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6831137      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    128117960                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.503829                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212901                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482454846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149845029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126199710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    128330861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       261222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2014662                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          532                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99475                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3304458                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1413268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134940314                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6792                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12630448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6852992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17415                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          532                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116430                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2196976                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126352313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10919574                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1765647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17750450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17954180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6830876                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.496885                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            126199961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           126199710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        72438619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       195197512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95255979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    117211648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17728579                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1945100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222683957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174558785     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23871223     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8999048      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4296646      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3640727      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2077676      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1798507      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820699      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620646      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222683957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     95255979                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    117211648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17369282                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10615776                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16902052                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       105606339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2413643                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2620646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          355002875                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         273185075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2871248                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              28300226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          95255979                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           117211648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     95255979                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.669529                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.669529                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374598                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374598                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      568678197                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     175789027                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     125261608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.694765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.432243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.937403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27154                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704555319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6805914602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704555319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6805914602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704555319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6805914602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814747.274152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823163.352927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814747.274152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823163.352927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814747.274152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823163.352927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981887614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079822697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981887614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079822697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981887614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079822697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726927.647831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735343.819182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726927.647831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735343.819182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726927.647831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735343.819182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        11486                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.445573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         191334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        13532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        14.139373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.923672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.389606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1509.138788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         505.993508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.736884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.247067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 27324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8785                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8785                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  27475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27473                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 27475                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               11484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                11484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11442                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               11484                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65509007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9484772466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9550281473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65509007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9484772466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     9550281473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65509007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9484772466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    9550281473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             38808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8785                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8785                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              38959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             38959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559738.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828943.582066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831616.289882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559738.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828943.582066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831616.289882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559738.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828943.582066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831616.289882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5027                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5027                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           11483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          11483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61821407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8477993484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8539814891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61821407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8477993484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8539814891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61821407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8477993484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8539814891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1471938.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741018.572153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743691.969956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1471938.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741018.572153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743691.969956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1471938.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741018.572153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743691.969956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17439                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.833387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         156272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         8.019295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.879002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.769456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1662.894284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         353.290645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.811960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.172505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        32753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 32754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                5956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        32819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  32820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        32819                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 32820                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17403                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17438                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39267877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13610417847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13649685724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39267877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13610417847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    13649685724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39267877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13610417847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   13649685724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             50192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            5956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              50258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             50258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1121939.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782073.082055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782755.231334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1121939.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782073.082055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782755.231334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1121939.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782073.082055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782755.231334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2351                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2351                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     36194877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12082199281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12118394158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     36194877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12082199281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12118394158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     36194877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12082199281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12118394158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1034139.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694259.569097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694941.745498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1034139.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694259.569097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694941.745498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1034139.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694259.569097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694941.745498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        11509                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.452517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         191388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        13556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        14.118324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.930087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.639712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1509.139779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         505.742939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.736885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.246945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 27364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  27513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27511                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 27513                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               11508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                11508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11464                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               11508                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86664897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9330777345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9417442242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86664897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9330777345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     9417442242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86664897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9330777345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    9417442242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             38872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              39021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             39021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.295266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.296049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1969656.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 813919.866103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818338.741919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1969656.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 813919.866103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818338.741919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1969656.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 813919.866103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818338.741919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5037                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5037                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           11507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          11507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82800968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8322822933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8405623901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82800968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8322822933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8405623901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82800968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8322822933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8405623901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.295240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1881840.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 726059.751636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730479.177979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1881840.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 726059.751636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730479.177979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1881840.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 726059.751636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730479.177979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        32712                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.938373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         200258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        34760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.761162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.689102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.913208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1806.388311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         235.947751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.882026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.115209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 38656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               12331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  38684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38683                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 38684                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               32674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                32712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               32712                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30881012096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30957725647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     63109484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63109484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30944121580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    31020835131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30944121580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   31020835131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             71330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           12331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              71396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             71396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 946254.392401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947472.781019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1660775.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1660775.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 947085.409359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948301.391875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 947085.409359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948301.391875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           32712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          32712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28015457874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28088746251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59773084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59773084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28075230958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28148519335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28075230958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28148519335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 858448.226567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859666.592734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1572975.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1572975.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 859279.250696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860495.210779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 859279.250696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860495.210779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        27907                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.607341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         161196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        29955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.381272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.379559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.569791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1643.938825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         387.719166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.802705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.189316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 34978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                7265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  35067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35066                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 35067                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               27868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                27897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27859                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               27897                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48160247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25720355767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25768516014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21717108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21717108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48160247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25742072875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    25790233122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48160247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25742072875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   25790233122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             62846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            7265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              62964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             62964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.443103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.245763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.245763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1267374.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 924195.320410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924663.270202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 748865.793103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 748865.793103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1267374.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 924012.810043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924480.521992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1267374.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 924012.810043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924480.521992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4148                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4148                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           27897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          27897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44823847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23276576770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23321400617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19170908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19170908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44823847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23295747678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23340571525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44823847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23295747678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23340571525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.443103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.245763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1179574.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 836384.361121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836852.325858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 661065.793103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661065.793103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1179574.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 836201.862163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836669.589024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1179574.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 836201.862163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836669.589024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        27786                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.597679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         161118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        29834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.400483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.275702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.667171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1642.950947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         388.703859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.802222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.189797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 34916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7249                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7249                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  35004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35003                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 35004                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               27747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                27776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27737                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               27776                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56563911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25797237429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25853801340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21811839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21811839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56563911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25819049268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    25875613179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56563911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25819049268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   25875613179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7249                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7249                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              62780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             62780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450356.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931039.318211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931769.248567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 752132.379310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 752132.379310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450356.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930852.264773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931581.695673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450356.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930852.264773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931581.695673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4144                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4144                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           27776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          27776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53138712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23363737416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23416876128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     19265639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19265639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53138712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23383003055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23436141767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53138712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23383003055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23436141767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1362531.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843212.697272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843942.629041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 664332.379310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 664332.379310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1362531.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843025.671666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843755.103939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1362531.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843025.671666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843755.103939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         8271                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.217021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         214148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        10316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        20.758821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.152333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     6.697718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1380.362834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         622.004137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.003270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.674005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.303713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 26959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  27165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27163                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 27165                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                8272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 8272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                8272                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672431510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6774165400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672431510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     6774165400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672431510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    6774165400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             35231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              35437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             35437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810449.594316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818927.151838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810449.594316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818927.151838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810449.594316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818927.151838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4343                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4343                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            8272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           8272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949502139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047811829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949502139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047811829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949502139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047811829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722640.852545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731118.451281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722640.852545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731118.451281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722640.852545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731118.451281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        17563                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.528408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         225829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        19611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        11.515425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.881147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.855098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1628.231095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         383.561068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.795035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.187286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        32924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 32925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               17958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33065                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33066                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               17548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                17555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17520                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               17555                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14721385957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14783465084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6435488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6435488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14727821445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    14789900572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14727821445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   14789900572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             50473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           17958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              50621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             50621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 840597.610746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842458.689537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 919355.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919355.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 840629.077911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842489.351866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 840629.077911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842489.351866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               9544                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    9544                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           17555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          17555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13183605721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13242611653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5820888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5820888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13189426609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13248432541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13189426609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13248432541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 752789.683150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754650.766640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 831555.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831555.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 752821.153482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754681.432128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 752821.153482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754681.432128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        27871                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.597313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         161162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        29919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.386611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.273545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.609508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1640.772583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         390.941677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.801158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.190889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 34958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7251                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                7251                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  35046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35045                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 35046                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               27832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                27861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27823                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               27861                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51063983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25982945784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26034009767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26361707                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26361707                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51063983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26009307491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    26060371474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51063983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26009307491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   26060371474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             62790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7251                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            7251                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              62907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        62868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             62907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1343789.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934840.101605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935398.453830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 909024.379310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 909024.379310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1343789.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934813.193796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935371.001543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1343789.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934813.193796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935371.001543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4135                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4135                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           27861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          27861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47713333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23540874038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23588587371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23813742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23813742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47713333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23564687780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23612401113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47713333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23564687780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23612401113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1255614.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846976.830899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847534.757509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821163.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 821163.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1255614.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846949.925601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847507.308173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1255614.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846949.925601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847507.308173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         8274                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.219110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         214153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        10319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        20.753271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     6.696684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1380.448458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         621.920358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.003270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.674047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.303672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 26961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                8418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  27167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27165                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 27167                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                8275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 8275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8236                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                8275                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101046368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6628633760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6729680128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101046368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6628633760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     6729680128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101046368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6628633760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    6729680128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             35236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            8418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              35442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             35442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.234011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2590932.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 804836.542011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813254.396133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2590932.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 804836.542011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813254.396133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2590932.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 804836.542011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813254.396133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4345                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4345                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            8275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           8275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97622168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5905439757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6003061925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97622168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5905439757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6003061925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97622168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5905439757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6003061925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.234011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2503132.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 717027.653837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725445.549849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2503132.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 717027.653837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725445.549849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2503132.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 717027.653837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725445.549849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        11486                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.459468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         191336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        13532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        14.139521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.944312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     5.521838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1509.063217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         505.930100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.736847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.247036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 27327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8785                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                8785                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  27473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27471                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 27473                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               11484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                11484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11441                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               11484                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71998073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9472454232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9544452305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71998073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9472454232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     9544452305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71998073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9472454232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    9544452305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             38811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8785                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            8785                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              38957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             38957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674373.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 827939.361245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831108.699495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674373.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 827939.361245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831108.699495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674373.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 827939.361245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831108.699495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5027                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5027                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           11483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          11483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68221682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8467088936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8535310618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68221682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8467088936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8535310618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68221682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8467088936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8535310618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1586550.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740130.151748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743299.714186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1586550.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740130.151748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743299.714186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1586550.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740130.151748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743299.714186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        32718                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.938262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         200184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        34766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.758039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.698896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     1.975968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1805.799348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         236.464050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.881738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.115461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 38562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12350                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               12350                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  38591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38590                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 38591                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               32681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                32718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32679                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               32718                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75643953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31140228975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31215872928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61166524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     61166524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75643953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31201395499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    31277039452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75643953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31201395499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   31277039452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             71243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           12350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              71309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             71309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1939588.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 953992.677379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955168.842079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1653149.297297                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1653149.297297                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1939588.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 954784.280394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955958.171404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1939588.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 954784.280394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955958.171404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5151                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5151                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           32718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          32718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72219753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28273564650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28345784403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57916925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57916925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72219753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28331481575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28403701328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72219753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28331481575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28403701328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1851788.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 866171.332945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867347.523117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1565322.297297                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565322.297297                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1851788.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 866962.929557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868136.846017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1851788.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 866962.929557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868136.846017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        17411                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.834069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         156191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        19459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         8.026671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.768104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.754035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1662.045072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         354.266857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.811545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.172982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        32748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 32749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                5880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        32813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  32814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        32813                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 32814                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               17410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                17410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17375                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               17410                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     40610701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13648362425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13688973126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     40610701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13648362425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    13688973126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     40610701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13648362425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   13688973126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             50159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            5880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              50224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             50224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1160305.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 785517.261871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786270.713728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1160305.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 785517.261871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786270.713728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1160305.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 785517.261871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786270.713728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               2349                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    2349                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           17410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          17410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37537701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12122444602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12159982303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37537701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12122444602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12159982303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37537701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12122444602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12159982303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1072505.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 697694.653353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698448.150661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1072505.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 697694.653353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698448.150661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1072505.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 697694.653353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698448.150661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        17500                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.525010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         225811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        19548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        11.551617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.685169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.979930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1627.523999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         384.335912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.794689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.187664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        32912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 32913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               17950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  33056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33055                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 33056                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               17485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                17489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17453                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               17489                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66335292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14857848665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14924183957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3805085                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3805085                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66335292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14861653750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    14927989042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66335292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14861653750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   14927989042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             50398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           17950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              50545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             50545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.027211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1842647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 851501.442203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853542.119359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 951271.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951271.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1842647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 851524.308142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853564.471496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1842647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 851524.308142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853564.471496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               9516                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    9516                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           17489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          17489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63174020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13325363907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13388537927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3453885                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3453885                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63174020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13328817792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13391991812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63174020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13328817792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13391991812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1754833.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 763674.933062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765715.637804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 863471.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863471.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1754833.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 763697.805076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765737.995997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1754833.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 763697.805076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765737.995997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        11515                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.454630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         191415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        13562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        14.114069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.930262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     5.557554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1509.320171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         505.646644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.736973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.246898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 27386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  27534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27532                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 27534                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               11514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                11514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               11514                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94712391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295663942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9390376333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94712391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295663942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     9390376333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94712391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295663942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    9390376333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             38900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              39048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             39048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202613.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810362.125534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815561.606132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202613.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810362.125534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815561.606132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202613.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810362.125534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815561.606132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5041                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5041                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90936465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287888763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378825228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90936465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287888763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378825228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90936465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287888763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378825228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114801.511628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722570.947079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727770.800660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114801.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722570.947079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727770.800660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114801.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722570.947079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727770.800660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040166.177419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.313382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        93004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        93004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20425139496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20425139496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134382940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134382940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20559522436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20559522436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20559522436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20559522436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224661.931430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224661.931430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64328.836764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64328.836764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221060.625737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221060.625737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221060.625737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221060.625737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3913.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8525584487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8525584487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15040857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15040857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8540625344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8540625344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8540625344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8540625344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242376.246965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242376.246965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73013.868932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73013.868932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241390.162630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241390.162630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241390.162630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241390.162630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.928821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1008485316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1943131.630058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.928821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.068796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11572845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11572845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11572845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11572845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11572845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11572845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90531152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90531152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90531152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90531152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90531152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90531152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11572905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11572905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11572905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11572905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11572905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11572905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1508852.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1508852.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1508852.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1508852.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1508852.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1508852.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66026689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66026689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66026689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66026689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66026689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66026689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1500606.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1500606.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1500606.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1500606.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1500606.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1500606.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                38915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              165337428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                39171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4220.914146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.522220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.477780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7969019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7969019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6709380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6709380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14678399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14678399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14678399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14678399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       124501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       125397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       125397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       125397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       125397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42366416481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42366416481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     75635942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75635942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42442052423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42442052423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42442052423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42442052423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8093520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8093520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6710276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6710276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14803796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14803796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14803796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14803796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340289.768604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340289.768604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84415.113839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84415.113839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338461.465769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338461.465769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338461.465769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338461.465769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        85737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        86482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        86482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11360839720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11360839720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9725699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9725699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11370565419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11370565419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11370565419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11370565419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 293077.074605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293077.074605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64408.602649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64408.602649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292189.783348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292189.783348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292189.783348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292189.783348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.483769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              927898415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1648132.175844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.308504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.175264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11170970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11170970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11170970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11170970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11170970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11170970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45840192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45840192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45840192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45840192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45840192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45840192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11171015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11171015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11171015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11171015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11171015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11171015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1018670.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1018670.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1018670.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1018670.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1018670.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1018670.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39649467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39649467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39649467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39649467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39649467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39649467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1101374.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101374.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1101374.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101374.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1101374.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101374.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                50222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              222296061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                50478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4403.820694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.711585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.288415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.791842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.208158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16440606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16440606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3162200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3162200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19602806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       19602806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19602806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      19602806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       177594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       177887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       177887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       177887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       177887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  78370495483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78370495483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25200758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25200758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  78395696241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78395696241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  78395696241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78395696241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16618200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16618200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3162493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3162493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7485                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7485                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19780693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19780693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19780693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19780693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 441290.220858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441290.220858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86009.412969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86009.412969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440705.033201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440705.033201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440705.033201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440705.033201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            5956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       127438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       127665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       127665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15902822649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15902822649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4282516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4282516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15907105165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15907105165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15907105165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15907105165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 317067.203306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317067.203306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64886.606061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64886.606061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316735.796364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316735.796364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316735.796364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316735.796364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.061805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1008502803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1935705.955854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    45.061805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.072214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11590332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11590332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11590332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11590332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11590332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11590332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114337576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114337576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114337576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114337576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114337576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114337576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11590401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11590401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11590401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11590401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11590401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11590401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1657066.318841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1657066.318841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1657066.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1657066.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1657066.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1657066.318841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       333039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 166519.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     87220190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87220190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     87220190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87220190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     87220190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87220190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1896091.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1896091.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1896091.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1896091.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1896091.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1896091.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                38975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              165355955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                39231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4214.930922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.518999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.481001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7978921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7978921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6717986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6717986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14696907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14696907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14696907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14696907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       124827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       125709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       125709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       125709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       125709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42191623024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42191623024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     74557159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74557159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42266180183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42266180183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42266180183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42266180183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8103748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8103748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6718868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6718868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14822616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14822616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14822616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14822616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338000.777268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338000.777268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84531.926304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84531.926304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336222.388079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336222.388079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336222.388079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336222.388079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11209729001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11209729001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9642609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9642609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11219371610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11219371610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11219371610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11219371610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288717.071061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288717.071061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64715.496644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64715.496644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 287860.721232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287860.721232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 287860.721232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287860.721232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              577.497127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1038177028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1780749.619211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.248038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.249088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10461707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10461707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10461707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10461766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10461766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10461766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                71356                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              443149701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                71612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              6188.204505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.899558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.100442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     27400432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27400432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14999432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14999432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     42399864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       42399864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     42399864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      42399864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       261668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       261668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128050754915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128050754915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    265409182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265409182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128316164097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128316164097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128316164097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128316164097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     27661829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27661829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14999703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14999703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     42661532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42661532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     42661532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42661532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 489870.790082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489870.790082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 979369.675277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 979369.675277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490377.746217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490377.746217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490377.746217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490377.746217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           12331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33791528346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33791528346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     65271508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65271508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33856799854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33856799854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33856799854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33856799854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474000.958704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474000.958704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 988962.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988962.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474477.266859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474477.266859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474477.266859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474477.266859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              527.422567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013358212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1915610.986767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.422567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.059972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10690531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10690531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10690531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10690531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10690531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10690531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69118407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69118407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69118407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69118407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69118407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69118407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10690592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10690592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10690592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10690592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10690592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10690592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1133088.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1133088.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1133088.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1133088.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1133088.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1133088.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48550731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48550731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48550731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48550731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48550731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48550731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1244890.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244890.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1244890.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244890.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1244890.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244890.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                62925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              178962726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                63181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2832.540257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.073819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.926181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7408986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7408986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6136289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6136289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13545275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       13545275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13545275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      13545275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       164707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       165496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       165496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       165496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       165496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  72231055681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72231055681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    269130398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    269130398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  72500186079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72500186079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  72500186079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72500186079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7573693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7573693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6137078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6137078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17728                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17728                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        14315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     13710771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13710771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     13710771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13710771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 438542.719380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438542.719380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341103.166033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341103.166033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 438078.177593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438078.177593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 438078.177593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438078.177593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       101900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       102571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       102571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28248117540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28248117540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27734141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27734141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28275851681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28275851681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28275851681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28275851681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449760.656296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449760.656296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 235035.093220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235035.093220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449357.992547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449357.992547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449357.992547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449357.992547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.953144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013339130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1911960.622642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.953144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10671449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10671449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10671449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10671449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10671449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10671449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79052412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79052412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79052412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79052412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79052412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79052412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10671513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10671513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10671513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10671513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10671513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10671513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1235193.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1235193.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1235193.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1235193.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1235193.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1235193.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56968538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56968538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56968538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56968538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56968538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56968538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1424213.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1424213.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1424213.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1424213.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1424213.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1424213.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178939961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                62996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2840.497190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.071218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.928782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7395959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7395959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6126644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6126644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14293                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14293                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13522603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13522603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13522603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13522603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       164553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       164553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       164553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       164553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  71969159909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71969159909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    285784730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285784730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72254944639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72254944639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72254944639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72254944639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7559696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7559696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6127460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6127460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17657                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17657                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13687156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13687156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13687156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13687156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439541.214930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439541.214930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 350226.384804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 350226.384804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439098.312635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439098.312635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439098.312635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439098.312635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       101114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       101813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       101813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       101813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       101813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28319908881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28319908881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     27752072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27752072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28347660953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28347660953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28347660953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28347660953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452228.556297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452228.556297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 237197.196581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237197.196581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451827.557427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451827.557427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451827.557427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451827.557427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.482344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011926758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2040174.915323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    40.482344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11918658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11918658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11918658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2929404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585880.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                35396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163377227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                35652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4582.554331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.472639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.527361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9510240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9510240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7065111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7065111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16575351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16575351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16575351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16575351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        90951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        93040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        93040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20359711779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20359711779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    134582912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134582912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20494294691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20494294691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20494294691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20494294691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9601191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9601191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7067200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7067200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16668391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16668391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16668391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16668391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223853.633044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223853.633044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64424.562949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64424.562949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220274.018605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220274.018605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220274.018605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220274.018605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3893.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8494255172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8494255172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15052066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15052066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8509307238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8509307238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8509307238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8509307238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241382.642001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241382.642001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73068.281553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73068.281553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240403.074867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240403.074867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240403.074867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240403.074867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.193369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009217705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1948296.727799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.193369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10997960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10997960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10997960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10997960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10997960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10997960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10998014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10998014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10998014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10998014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10998014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10998014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                50583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              170851985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                50839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3360.648026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.600600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.399400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7754107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7754107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6559967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6559967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14314074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14314074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14314074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14314074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       173248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       178404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       178404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       178404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       178404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  72918203231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72918203231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3080570428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3080570428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  75998773659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75998773659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  75998773659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75998773659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7927355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7927355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6565123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6565123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14492478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14492478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14492478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14492478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 420889.148683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420889.148683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 597472.930178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 597472.930178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 425992.543099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425992.543099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 425992.543099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425992.543099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44948684                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 510780.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           17958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       122811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17031515360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17031515360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15632020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15632020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17047147380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17047147380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17047147380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17047147380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337678.992803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337678.992803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105621.756757                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105621.756757                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337000.047050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337000.047050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337000.047050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337000.047050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              526.999788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013332379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1915562.153119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.999788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10664698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10664698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10664698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10664698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10664698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10664698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74108039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74108039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74108039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74108039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74108039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74108039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10664760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10664760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10664760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10664760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10664760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10664760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1195290.951613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1195290.951613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1195290.951613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1195290.951613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1195290.951613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1195290.951613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51485041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51485041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51485041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51485041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51485041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51485041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1320129.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1320129.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1320129.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1320129.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1320129.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1320129.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                62868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              178925052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                63124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2834.501172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.065582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.934418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7389290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7389290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6118403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6118403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     13507693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       13507693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     13507693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      13507693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       164430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       165285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       165285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       165285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       165285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  72751941487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72751941487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    359396460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359396460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  73111337947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73111337947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  73111337947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73111337947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7553720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7553720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6119258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6119258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        14272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     13672978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13672978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     13672978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13672978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442449.318780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442449.318780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 420346.736842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420346.736842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442334.984705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442334.984705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442334.984705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442334.984705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       178392                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       178392                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       101679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       102417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       102417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        62868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28509653381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28509653381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32287557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32287557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28541940938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28541940938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28541940938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28541940938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454329.865357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454329.865357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 275962.025641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275962.025641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453997.915283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453997.915283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453997.915283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453997.915283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              495.482642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011931337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2040184.147177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.482642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11923237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11923237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11923237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11923237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11923237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11923237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    150923308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150923308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    150923308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150923308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    150923308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150923308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11923295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11923295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11923295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11923295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11923295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11923295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2602126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2602126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2602126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2602126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2602126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2602126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585341                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101509150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101509150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101509150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101509150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101509150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101509150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2475832.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475832.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2475832.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475832.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2475832.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475832.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                35401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              163382744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                35657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4582.066467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.473837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.526163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9512697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9512697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7068022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7068022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18437                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18437                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16580719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16580719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16580719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16580719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        91026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        93115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        93115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        93115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        93115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20282520102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20282520102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134210072                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134210072                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20416730174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20416730174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20416730174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20416730174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9603723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9603723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7070111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7070111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18437                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18437                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16673834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16673834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16673834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16673834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 222821.173093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222821.173093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64246.085208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64246.085208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219263.600644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219263.600644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219263.600644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219263.600644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11768                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3922.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        55831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        57714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        57714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        35195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        35401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        35401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8450626543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8450626543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15040382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15040382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8465666925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8465666925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8465666925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8465666925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240108.724052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240108.724052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73011.563107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73011.563107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239136.378210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239136.378210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239136.378210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239136.378210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.103876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1008486595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1939397.298077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    44.103876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.070679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11574124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11574124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11574124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11574124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11574124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11574124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95909444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95909444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95909444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95909444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95909444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95909444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11574188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11574188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11574188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11574188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11574188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11574188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1498585.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1498585.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1498585.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1498585.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1498585.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1498585.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72531644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72531644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72531644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72531644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72531644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72531644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1611814.311111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611814.311111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1611814.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611814.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1611814.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611814.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                38912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165337656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                39168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4221.243260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.520843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.479157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7969242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7969242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6709353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6709353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14678595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14678595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14678595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14678595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       124569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       125427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       125427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       125427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       125427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42189013185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42189013185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72182504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72182504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42261195689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42261195689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42261195689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42261195689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8093811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8093811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6710211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6710211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17306                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17306                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14804022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14804022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14804022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14804022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 338679.873684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338679.873684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84128.792541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84128.792541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336938.583311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336938.583311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336938.583311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336938.583311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        85803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        86515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        86515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11348822313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11348822313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9412427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9412427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11358234740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11358234740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11358234740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11358234740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292751.955657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292751.955657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64468.678082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64468.678082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291895.424034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291895.424034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291895.424034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291895.424034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              577.851457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1038159424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1780719.423671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.513742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   540.337715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.865926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10444103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10444103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10444103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10444103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10444103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10444103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96530472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96530472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96530472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96530472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96530472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96530472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10444160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10444160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10444160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10444160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10444160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10444160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1693517.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1693517.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1693517.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1693517.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1693517.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1693517.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76031753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76031753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76031753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76031753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76031753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76031753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1900793.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900793.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1900793.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900793.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1900793.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900793.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                71269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              443054851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                71525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              6194.405467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.900451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.099549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     27337019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27337019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14968024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14968024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7318                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     42305043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       42305043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     42305043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      42305043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       261522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       261522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129045832547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 129045832547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    237966759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    237966759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129283799306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129283799306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129283799306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129283799306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     27598283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27598283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14968282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14968282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7318                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     42566565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42566565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     42566565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42566565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 493928.870977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493928.870977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922351.779070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922351.779070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494351.524178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494351.524178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494351.524178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494351.524178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278644                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           12350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       190061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       190253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       190253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34044814377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34044814377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     63406101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63406101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34108220478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34108220478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34108220478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34108220478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478137.359058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478137.359058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 960698.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960698.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478584.243893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478584.243893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478584.243893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478584.243893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              559.102384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              927893124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1648122.777975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.842188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.260197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11165679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11165679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11165679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11165679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11165679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11165679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46433982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46433982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46433982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46433982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     46433982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46433982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11165725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11165725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11165725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11165725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11165725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11165725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1009434.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1009434.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1009434.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1009434.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1009434.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1009434.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     40987975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40987975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     40987975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40987975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     40987975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40987975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1138554.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1138554.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1138554.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1138554.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1138554.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1138554.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                50188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              222280734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                50444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4406.485092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   202.710752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    53.289248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.791839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.208161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16426176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16426176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3161324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3161324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7417                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7417                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19587500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       19587500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19587500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      19587500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       177790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       177790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  78691827876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78691827876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24274445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24274445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  78716102321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78716102321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  78716102321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78716102321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16603685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16603685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3161605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3161605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7417                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7417                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19765290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19765290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19765290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19765290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443311.763775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443311.763775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86385.925267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86385.925267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 442747.636656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442747.636656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 442747.636656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442747.636656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            5880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       127386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       127602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       127602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15939850880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15939850880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4233246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4233246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15944084126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15944084126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15944084126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15944084126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318014.701434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318014.701434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 65126.861538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65126.861538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 317687.178728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317687.178728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 317687.178728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317687.178728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.927849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1009207723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1944523.551060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.927849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10987978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10987978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10987978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10987978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10987978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10987978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99705166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99705166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99705166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99705166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99705166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99705166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10988034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10988034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10988034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10988034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10988034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10988034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1780449.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1780449.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1780449.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1780449.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1780449.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1780449.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66703513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66703513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66703513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66703513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66703513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66703513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1802797.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802797.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1802797.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802797.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1802797.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1802797.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                50508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              170840292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                50764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3365.382791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.597602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.402398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7748395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7748395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6553989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6553989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15087                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15087                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14302384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       14302384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14302384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      14302384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       173023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       178193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       178193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       178193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       178193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  72904836153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72904836153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3311710652                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3311710652                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  76216546805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76216546805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  76216546805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76216546805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7921418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7921418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6559159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6559159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15087                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15087                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14480577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14480577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14480577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14480577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421359.219023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421359.219023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 640562.988781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640562.988781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 427719.084392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427719.084392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 427719.084392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427719.084392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47114715                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            87                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 541548.448276                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           17950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17166419075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17166419075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13133930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13133930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17179553005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17179553005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17179553005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17179553005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340867.319454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340867.319454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89346.462585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89346.462585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340135.285598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340135.285598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340135.285598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340135.285598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.223161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008506207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1939435.013462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    44.223161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.070870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11593736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11593736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11593736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108653920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108653920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108653920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108653920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108653920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108653920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11593795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11593795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11593795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841591.864407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1841591.864407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841591.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1841591.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841591.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1841591.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1984473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 330745.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95233011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95233011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95233011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95233011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95233011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95233011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2116289.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116289.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2116289.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116289.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2116289.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116289.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165364186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                39259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4212.134441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.517378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.482622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7983579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7983579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6721536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6721536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14705115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14705115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14705115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14705115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       124795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       125669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       125669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       125669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       125669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41733365924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41733365924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     73707347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73707347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41807073271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41807073271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41807073271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41807073271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8108374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8108374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6722410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6722410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14830784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14830784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14830784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14830784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334415.368596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334415.368596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84333.348970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84333.348970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 332676.103661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332676.103661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 332676.103661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332676.103661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        85940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11176196935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11176196935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9545838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9545838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11185742773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11185742773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11185742773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11185742773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 287638.577661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287638.577661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64498.905405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64498.905405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286791.856344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286791.856344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286791.856344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286791.856344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
