
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001065                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1064784063                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400561498461                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 399989                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   531418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36871                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67621672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28878.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11551279892                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346796301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        18816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        32384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        77056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        35968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        27776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               470272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           38912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       166784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            166784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3606365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17671189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1803183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     25965828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1682970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20556281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3125516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14425460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1803183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25484979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1682970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19113735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1682970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     30413678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1682970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     19835008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3125516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     72367725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3245729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     16829703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1803183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33779619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1682970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     26206252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3125516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14064824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3245729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16108430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1442546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     26086040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1803183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     26206252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               441659503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3606365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1803183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1682970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3125516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1803183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1682970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1682970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1682970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3125516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3245729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1803183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1682970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3125516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3245729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1442546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1803183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36544499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         156636454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              156636454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         156636454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3606365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17671189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1803183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     25965828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1682970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20556281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3125516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14425460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1803183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25484979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1682970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19113735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1682970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     30413678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1682970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     19835008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3125516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     72367725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3245729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     16829703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1803183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33779619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1682970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     26206252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3125516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14064824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3245729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16108430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1442546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     26086040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1803183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     26206252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              598295957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210874                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172657                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22282                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80893                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1008                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1179482                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210874                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              245073                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        45172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22136                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2348552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2103479     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11315      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17793      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23930      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25096      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21322      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11607      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17707      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116303      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2348552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082584                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461919                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1998806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        65944                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244451                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34425                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1446329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2004755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         13229                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        39927                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12782                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1444730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2016118                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6717960                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6717960                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         300884                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40046                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136567                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72386                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          760                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2348552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1775815     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234250      9.97%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119262      5.08%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        90113      3.84%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71205      3.03%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28983      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18127      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9534      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1263      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2348552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           319     12.80%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          933     37.42%     50.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1241     49.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142758     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20195      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123344      9.08%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71987      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358452                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532009                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2493                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5068324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1620207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25116                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1490                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10508                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441697                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136567                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72386                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25272                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338030                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187689                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71971                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524011                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335801                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1335714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          768038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2070906                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370871                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1805321     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249872     10.82%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94641      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44628      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37574      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21812      0.94%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19705      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8366      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27657      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        27657                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3723608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2922392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32479                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                204888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.553440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.553440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6019646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1862584                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1339195                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17058                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11877                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041520                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1109383                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       134926                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              246620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         55440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        33657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          124696                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16633                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2113469     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          37168      1.57%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19179      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          35990      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11756      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          33458      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5289      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8977      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          94803      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2360089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.076673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.434466                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1977384                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        98497                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          245986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37944                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        19261                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1246683                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37944                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1984589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         64880                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          240126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        19049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1244087                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        17106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1638197                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5643443                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5643443                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1303399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         334782                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           34203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       219101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        36724                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          315                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8317                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235896                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854613     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166437      7.05%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161206      6.83%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97536      4.13%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51069      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13315      0.56%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15250      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          358      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          305      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2059     57.74%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          843     23.64%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          664     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904756     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9209      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198406     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36300      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.449885                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3566                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003104                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4662243                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117725                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          954                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37944                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         33288                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2255                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           91                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36724                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7691                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131927                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             231340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            36289                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1118137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1117725                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          676308                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1491088                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.453567                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       996112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240003                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16793                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949958     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147073      6.33%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93936      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29172      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48728      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9772      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6318      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5533      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31655      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       882091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       996112                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               208057                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              172483                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           152929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          870894                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        31655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3526605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2510213                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 45261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                193351                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            882091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              996112                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       882091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.894758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.894758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.345452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.345452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5251066                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1462692                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1312692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         208080                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170423                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22026                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84375                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79155                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21098                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1988742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1188204                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            208080                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       100253                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              259829                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         63351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        60861                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          124013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2090579     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          27600      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          32063      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          17583      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          20038      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11465      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7671      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          20390      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         123019      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2350408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.465335                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1972534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        77660                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          257554                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2035                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        40620                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33807                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1450270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        40620                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1976018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         14719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        53970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          256148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8928                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1448426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2015533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6743566                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6743566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1689458                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         326069                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26175                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       139152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        74588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1787                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16337                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1444597                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          377                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356250                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199227                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464799                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1780480     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228175      9.71%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123422      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85342      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74765      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38225      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9447      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6078      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4474      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     10.74%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1438     46.24%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1338     43.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1135553     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21200      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125455      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73877      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356250                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531146                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5067996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331335                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359360                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3334                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2290                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        40620                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         10741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1444975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          723                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12107                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12800                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334226                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117212                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             191047                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         185891                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            73835                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522521                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1331416                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1331335                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          792270                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2077671                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521389                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       991926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1216792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228187                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21996                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1812607     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230648      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96959      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57449      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40156      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26056      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13766      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10797      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21350      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       991926                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1216792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               184061                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              111763                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           174129                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1096997                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24746                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        21350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3733417                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2930586                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32159                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                203032                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            991926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1216792                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       991926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.574224                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.574224                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.388467                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.388467                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6016632                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1850965                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1351301                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         230711                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22771                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81986                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24287                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1997652                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1265002                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            230711                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       106273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              262616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        65834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          125785                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2367587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2104971     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          15879      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20035      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          32200      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13071      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          17141      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          19869      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9371      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         135050      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2367587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.495411                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1985891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        78929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          261335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41268                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34809                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1545509                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41268                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1988381                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        66529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          258968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6054                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1535700                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2145929                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7136452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7136452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1758203                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         387726                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22324                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       145399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        74001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16796                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497319                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204448                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432675                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2367587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1765675     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273544     11.55%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112070      4.73%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63573      2.69%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84628      3.57%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27026      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26379      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13589      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1103      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2367587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10054     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1394     10.94%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200159     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19240      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131009      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73684      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.557783                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12737                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008943                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5230861                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1702153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1384766                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1437003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1129                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31125                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41268                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13157                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25899                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128282                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             201943                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         197002                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73661                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.547434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1384802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1384766                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          829306                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2230167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.542314                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1022715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237566                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2326319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1792671     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270783     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98174      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48608      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44588      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18908      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18750      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8916      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24921      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2326319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1022715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1260127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               186859                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              114274                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           182612                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1134531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26001                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24921                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3799078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3036660                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32457                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                185853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1022715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1260127                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1022715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.496727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.496727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.400524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.400524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6287022                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1937507                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1427177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         196331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       129013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123508                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          553                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2042685                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1111815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            196331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       135289                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              247096                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         55097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        33939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          124642                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2361822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.783356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2114726     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          37234      1.58%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19210      0.81%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          36119      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11682      0.49%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          33581      1.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5294      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           8944      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          95032      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2361822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.076889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.435418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1976053                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       101275                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          246457                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        37756                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        19310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          347                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1249152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1363                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        37756                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1983504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         66349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        14074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          240419                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        19719                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1246486                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        17764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1641671                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5653213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5653213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1307237                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         334408                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           35477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       219402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        36765                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          334                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1238120                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1150792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2361822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854928     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167194      7.08%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161656      6.84%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98035      4.15%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50734      2.15%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13344      0.56%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15289      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          345      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2361822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2081     57.93%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          845     23.52%     81.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          666     18.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       906316     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9234      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198759     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36399      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1150792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.450683                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3592                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003121                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4668132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1475262                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1120066                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1154384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1097                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        37756                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         33549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2374                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1238289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36765                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10225                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        17884                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1134154                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195442                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             231831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         172012                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            36389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.444167                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1120443                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1120066                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          677761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1493570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.438650                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.453786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       884785                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       999011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        16643                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2324066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1950702     83.93%     83.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147636      6.35%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94214      4.05%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29306      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48880      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9656      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6321      0.27%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5505      0.24%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31846      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2324066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       884785                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       999011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               208685                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              173017                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           153343                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          873424                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12679                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        31846                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3530564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2514484                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 45051                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                191618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            884785                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              999011                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       884785                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.885944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.885944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346507                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346507                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5261647                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1465944                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1315710                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         208310                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22046                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84470                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79251                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21119                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1990875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1189419                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            208310                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       100370                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              260114                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        60345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          124143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21800                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2352347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2092233     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          27634      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          32105      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17607      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          20065      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11472      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7680      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          20408      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         123143      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2352347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.465810                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1974692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        77116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          257841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2035                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        40658                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1451802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        40658                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1978173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        53573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          256435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8935                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1449976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2017739                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6750824                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6750824                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1691320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         326386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26194                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       139307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1788                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1446141                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          377                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357755                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464993                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2352347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1781724     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228523      9.71%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123530      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85448      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74840      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38265      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9454      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6085      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4478      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2352347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1440     46.23%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1340     43.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1136795     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21220      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125609      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73966      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357755                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3115                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5072946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332808                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2283                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        40658                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1029                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1446519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          716                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12120                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12811                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24931                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335694                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117346                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             191270                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         186101                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            73924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523096                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1332889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1332808                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          793156                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2080036                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381318                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1218120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1813991     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230888      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97053      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57511      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40198      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26072      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13782      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10803      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21391      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       992991                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1218120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               184267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              111896                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           174328                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1098182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24771                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        21391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3736805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2933701                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                201093                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            992991                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1218120                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       992991                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.571463                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.571463                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6023292                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1853021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1352708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         200136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180176                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12349                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78111                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69790                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10850                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2103696                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1258289                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            200136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        80640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              248181                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         38798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        43078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          122485                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12237                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2421135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2172954     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8637      0.36%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18423      0.76%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7287      0.30%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          40524      1.67%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          36227      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7093      0.29%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          14818      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         115172      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2421135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.078379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.492782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2092224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        54955                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          247187                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1475317                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2094888                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         36802                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        11027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          245350                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         7060                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1473427                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           82                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1739599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6935025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6935025                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1507399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         232200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           20035                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       343654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       172717                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1656                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1468251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401458                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          876                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132685                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       322515                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2421135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923168     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148842      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122720      5.07%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53028      2.19%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67163      2.77%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64538      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36822      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3014      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1840      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2421135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3565     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27352     86.18%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          820      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884032     63.08%     63.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12272      0.88%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332918     23.76%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172152     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401458                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.548851                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31737                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022646                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5256664                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1601158                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1387662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2481                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16402                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         33162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1734                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1468425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172717                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           90                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1174                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        14148                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1390171                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331615                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11287                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             503732                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         181898                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           172117                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.544431                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1387775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1387662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          751089                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1485931                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.543448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505467                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1117789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313706                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        12407                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1918220     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174382      7.28%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81784      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80568      3.36%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21832      0.91%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93502      3.90%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7215      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5116      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12514      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1117789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1313706                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               498410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              327252                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           173512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1168258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        12514                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3851139                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2963056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                132305                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1117789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1313706                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1117789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.284367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.284367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.437758                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.437758                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6863032                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1617923                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1746888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         208195                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170522                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21108                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1989823                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1188830                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            208195                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       100311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              259972                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         63384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        60368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          124077                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21788                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2351162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2091190     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          27614      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          32086      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          17593      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          20050      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11468      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7677      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20399      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         123085      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2351162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081535                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.465580                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1973600                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        77182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          257698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2034                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        33823                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1451050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1977083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         14884                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        53330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          256290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1449196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2016605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6747200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6747200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1690355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         326250                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          215                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           26184                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       139236                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        74630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1787                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16346                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1445365                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199343                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       465158                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2351162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1780935     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228305      9.71%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123471      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85388      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74812      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38245      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9450      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6080      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4476      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2351162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.76%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1439     46.24%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1338     42.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1136139     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21207      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125524      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73917      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356952                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531421                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3112                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5070156                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645124                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3334                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27405                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2292                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1042                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139236                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          723                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12114                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24917                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117273                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             191148                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         185990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            73875                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1332112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1332031                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          792672                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2078816                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521661                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381309                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1217443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1813076     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230760      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97015      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57482      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40181      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26069      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13773      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10804      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21359      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       992446                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1217443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               184169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           174226                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1097578                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        24758                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        21359                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3734915                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2932155                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                202278                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            992446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1217443                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       992446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.572876                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.572876                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.388670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.388670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6019759                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1851929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1352014                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         198835                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75518                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19721                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1175521                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            198835                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        95239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              240828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         67385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        60525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          120475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21355                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2270275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2029447     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12632      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20088      0.88%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          30293      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12820      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          14847      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          15454      0.68%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11115      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         123579      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2270275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1898861                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        86105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          238951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44882                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1423817                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44882                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1903916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         41081                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        29514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          235460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15417                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1420547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2956                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1069                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1943182                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6619954                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6619954                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1590159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         353018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          310                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           45102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       144022                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        79198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4106                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15928                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1415306                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2270275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1708839     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227354     10.01%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126198      5.56%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82782      3.65%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75458      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23254      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16884      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5705      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3801      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2270275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           370     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1414     42.65%     53.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     46.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1084933     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24265      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130884      9.93%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77618      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.516106                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002515                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4911363                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1640751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1292742                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1321160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6358                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31087                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1044                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44882                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         29068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1778                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1415624                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144022                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1007                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13324                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             201244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         176086                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            77461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.508272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1292852                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1292742                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          765296                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1940520                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.506275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394377                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1162711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2225393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754072     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224502     10.09%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93304      4.19%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47562      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35431      1.59%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20409      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12690      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10378      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27045      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2225393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       953430                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1162711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               186854                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              112935                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           161533                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1051085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        27045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3615078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2878388                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 34848                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                283165                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            953430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1162711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       953430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.678162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.678162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373390                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373390                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5890856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1766431                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1349623                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         211055                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172829                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80825                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21266                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1180340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            211055                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       102091                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              245077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        44526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125249                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22236                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2348576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2103499     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11407      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17538      0.75%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          23804      1.01%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          25212      1.07%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          21334      0.91%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          11577      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17856      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         116349      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2348576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082655                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1999339                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        65157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          244426                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39264                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34421                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1447213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39264                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2005317                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         13014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        39299                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          238844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12834                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1445593                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2017618                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6721794                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6721794                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1713900                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         303711                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           40358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       136623                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72250                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          802                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        27304                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442215                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       439660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2348576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766717     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245249     10.44%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122824      5.23%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86682      3.69%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69303      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28851      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18180      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9462      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1308      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2348576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     36.99%     49.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142690     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20184      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123267      9.08%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71879      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5067698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1622689                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335458                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2689                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39264                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         10284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442568                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136623                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72250                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13167                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25319                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337613                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115553                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             187415                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         189569                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71862                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523847                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1335559                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1335458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          768042                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2070720                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.370906                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999229                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1797657     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257225     11.14%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93792      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44613      1.93%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42341      1.83%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22105      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16585      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8505      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26489      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       999229                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1229494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               182209                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111369                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           177272                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1107753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25310                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3725378                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2924415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32537                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                204864                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            999229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1229494                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       999229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.555410                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.555410                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6017996                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1862244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1339961                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         200069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180184                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12201                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80698                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10885                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2100511                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1258294                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            200069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        80528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              247975                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         38679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        43292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          122214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2417989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2170014     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8566      0.35%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18202      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7351      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          40491      1.67%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          36174      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6967      0.29%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          14980      0.62%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         115244      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2417989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.078353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.492784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2089031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        55175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          246972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        26034                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17717                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1475531                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        26034                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2091791                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         37305                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        10658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          245036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1473570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           34                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1739137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6936099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6936099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1506280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         232812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           20503                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       343848                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       172697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1656                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8507                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1468530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401089                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134049                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326091                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2417989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1920592     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148378      6.14%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122583      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52795      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67399      2.79%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64525      2.67%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36911      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2975      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1831      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2417989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3575     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27328     86.13%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          824      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883619     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12263      0.88%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       333013     23.77%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172110     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401089                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.548706                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022645                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5252849                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1602799                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1387211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2527                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16659                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        26034                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         33642                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1468702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343848                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1190                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        14003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1389838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331696                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11249                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             503765                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         181671                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           172069                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.544300                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1387337                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1387211                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          750947                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1486990                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.543271                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505011                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1117150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1312925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155841                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        12258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915441     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174218      7.28%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81687      3.42%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80467      3.36%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21806      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93439      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7266      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5131      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12500      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1117150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1312925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               498308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              327189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173404                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1167552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3848221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2963609                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 47276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                135451                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1117150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1312925                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1117150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.285673                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.285673                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.437508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.437508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6861846                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1617239                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1746840                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         196222                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174304                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       125971                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122812                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11792                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          567                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1111761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            196222                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       134604                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              246796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        34158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          124719                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16701                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2359816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.784932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2113020     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          36993      1.57%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19207      0.81%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          35908      1.52%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11878      0.50%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          33296      1.41%     95.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5314      0.23%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9019      0.38%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          95181      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2359816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.076846                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.435397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1974408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       100578                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          246127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38414                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1249303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1360                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38414                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1981764                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         65631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        14387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          240134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        19485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1246353                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        17537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1641930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5653333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5653333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1302020                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         339900                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           35184                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       218930                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        36708                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          390                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8332                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1237738                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1149059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       240458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       505733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2359816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854345     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166754      7.07%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160718      6.81%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97611      4.14%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50966      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13344      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15407      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          358      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          313      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2359816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2140     58.81%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          838     23.03%     81.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          661     18.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905330     78.79%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9224      0.80%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198087     17.24%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36335      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1149059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.450004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3639                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4662799                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1478372                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          958                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46795                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38414                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         33140                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2327                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1237903                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           67                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218930                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36708                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10296                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7897                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        18193                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             231169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         171573                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            36322                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443457                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1118262                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1117884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          675981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1492889                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437795                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.452801                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       880921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       994942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243033                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16903                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949575     83.98%     83.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147081      6.34%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93785      4.04%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28903      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48810      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9805      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6352      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5523      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31568      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       880921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       994942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               207703                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              172131                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           152737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          869914                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        31568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3527809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2514401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45224                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                193624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            880921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              994942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       880921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.898603                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.898603                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.344994                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.344994                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5251774                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1463709                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1314650                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         230787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192299                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1998223                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1265377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            230787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       106314                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              262699                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        67260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21755                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2369679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2106980     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          15882      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20044      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32211      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13080      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17147      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          19876      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9374      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         135085      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2369679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.495558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1986456                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        80361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          261418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34820                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1545972                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1988946                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        67957                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          259050                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6058                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1536166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2146591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7138624                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7138624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1758721                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         387834                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       145443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        74017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          872                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16799                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497765                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204536                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432750                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2369679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767583     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273630     11.55%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112100      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63586      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84668      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27033      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26383      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13592      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1104      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2369679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10058     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1394     10.94%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200535     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19241      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131047      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73702      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424699                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.557953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12741                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008943                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233818                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1702687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385177                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1437440                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13160                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25905                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             202003                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         197072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            73678                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1385211                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1385177                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          829543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2230843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.542475                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371852                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1023010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2328399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1794578     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270877     11.63%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98206      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48621      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44612      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18910      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18750      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8920      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24925      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2328399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1023010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1260490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               186907                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              114306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           182675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1134845                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26006                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24925                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3801576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3037539                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                183761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1023010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1260490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1023010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.496007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.496007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.400640                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.400640                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6288883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1938090                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1427586                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         211059                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172698                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87147                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81094                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2021875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1180929                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            211059                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       102384                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              245411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         61335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        45275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125114                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22006                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2351485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2106074     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11365      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17938      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23889      1.02%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25093      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          21340      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11649      0.50%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17733      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         116404      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2351485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2001350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        66249                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          244789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        38715                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34546                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1447919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        38715                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2007367                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         12984                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        40350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          239155                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1446337                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2017944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6725905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6725905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1719821                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         298120                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           40516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       136550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        72507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          781                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        27407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442952                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1360486                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177104                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2351485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1768364     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246277     10.47%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122774      5.22%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86628      3.68%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69408      2.95%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29064      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18217      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9501      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1252      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2351485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           317     12.80%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          918     37.06%     49.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1242     50.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144425     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20268      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          169      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123475      9.08%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72149      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1360486                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5075268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1620425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1338166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1362963                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24799                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1404                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        38715                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12128                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12949                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1340326                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             188065                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         189982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            72132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1338255                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1338166                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          769315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2074182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.524064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370900                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1233744                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22188                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1799351     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258217     11.16%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94062      4.07%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44692      1.93%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42590      1.84%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22121      0.96%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16478      0.71%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8578      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26681      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1002735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1233744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               182852                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              111751                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           177838                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1111635                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25402                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26681                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3729387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2925350                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32388                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                201955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1002735                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1233744                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1002735                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.546475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.546475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6031039                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1865065                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1341135                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         196400                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174455                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16978                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       126716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          557                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2042810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1112503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            196400                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       135096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              246971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         55401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        33742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124761                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16569                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2361853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.783783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2114882     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          37044      1.57%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19186      0.81%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          36063      1.53%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11781      0.50%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          33509      1.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5347      0.23%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9007      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          95034      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2361853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.435688                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1976720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       100518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          246341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1249720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1347                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1984110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         65589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        14206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          240319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        19642                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1247042                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        17632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1642209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5655972                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5655972                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1306297                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         335892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           35199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       219525                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        36832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          369                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8335                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1238783                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1151478                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238238                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       499136                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2361853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.103071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1855188     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166962      7.07%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161406      6.83%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98064      4.15%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50855      2.15%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13190      0.56%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15504      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          354      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          330      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2361853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2096     58.17%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          841     23.34%     81.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          666     18.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       906653     78.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9246      0.80%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       199075     17.29%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36420      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1151478                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.450952                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3603                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003129                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4669563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1477202                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1120548                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1155081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          996                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46572                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1206                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         32929                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2323                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1238952                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           73                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219525                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36832                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10217                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7818                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18035                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1135017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             232310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         172124                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            36409                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.444505                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1120967                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1120548                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          677884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1494045                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.438839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.453724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       884213                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       998317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2323867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1950888     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147446      6.34%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94054      4.05%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29139      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48930      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9800      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6352      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5550      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31708      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2323867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       884213                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       998317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               208579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              172953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           153233                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          872813                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12670                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        31708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3531177                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2516059                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 45268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                191587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            884213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              998317                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       884213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.887811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.887811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346283                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346283                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5265619                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1466486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1316519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2553440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         195776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173993                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16943                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128212                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123142                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11838                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          572                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041463                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1109778                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            195776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       134980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              246654                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         55196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        33932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          124578                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16519                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2113559     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          37173      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19172      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          36026      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          11694      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          33471      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5280      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8994      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          94844      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2360213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.076671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1977032                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        99068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          246018                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        19219                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1247014                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1984251                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         65217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        13619                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          240154                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        19155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1244380                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        17228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1638381                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5644580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5644580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1304381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         333973                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       219346                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        36687                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          310                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8320                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1236284                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1149213                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1096                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237056                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854470     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166481      7.05%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161495      6.84%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97564      4.13%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50921      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13288      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15332      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          362      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2077     57.76%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          856     23.80%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          663     18.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905056     78.75%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9218      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198568     17.28%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36288      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1149213                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.450065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3596                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003129                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663331                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473514                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1118381                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152809                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          962                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46604                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1111                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         33513                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           85                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219346                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36687                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10242                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7642                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        17884                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195299                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             231577                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         171741                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            36278                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.443554                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1118761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1118381                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          676909                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1491924                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437990                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.453715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       996944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239547                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16678                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949892     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147201      6.34%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93998      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29284      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48706      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9768      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6319      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5515      0.24%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31714      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       882923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       996944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               208310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              172734                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           153064                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          871593                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        31714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3527174                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2510846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45133                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                193227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            882923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              996944                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       882923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.892030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.892030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.345778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.345778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5254449                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1463439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1313317                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3682                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32756.328888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           638558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.525469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           941.086640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.694740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    74.750263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.889920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   103.733046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.773252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    74.394160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    11.814696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    59.457447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.027892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.406994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.773789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    69.255824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.385863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   116.287063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.774435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    71.051671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.397986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   275.911415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.806027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    71.507155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.223591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   128.839588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.367678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   106.283199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.814296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    59.290136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.807400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    68.704098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.736866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   105.523905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.888331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   104.817751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1387.109815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2090.691314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1711.445761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1136.428800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2082.062278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1815.612828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2327.040685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1692.437813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          3333.785826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1403.814207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2214.680158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2085.945172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1146.814434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1427.666067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2062.974607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2059.342007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.028720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.008420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.042331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.063803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.052229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.034681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.063539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.055408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.071016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.051649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.101739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.042841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.067587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.063658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.034998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.043569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.062957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.062846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2073                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2073                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4517600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21951950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2321748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32498840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2172208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25865797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4096738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18140295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2409158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32090248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2190576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     24141807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2157294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38405517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2129408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24811292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3864231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81847121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4085941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20878120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2279582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42767924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2275644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32785644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3935089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17623725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3980112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20105300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2068234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32508536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2376477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33008474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       546290630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8929011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8929011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4517600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21951950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2321748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32498840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2172208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25865797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4096738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18140295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2409158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32090248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2190576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     24141807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2157294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38405517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2129408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24811292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3864231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90776132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4085941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20878120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2279582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42767924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2275644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32785644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3935089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17623725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3980112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20105300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2068234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32508536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2376477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33008474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        555219641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4517600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21951950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2321748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32498840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2172208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25865797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4096738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18140295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2409158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32090248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2190576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     24141807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2157294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38405517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2129408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24811292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3864231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90776132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4085941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20878120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2279582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42767924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2275644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32785644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3935089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17623725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3980112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20105300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2068234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32508536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2376477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33008474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       555219641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.321862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.506542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.370712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.423301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.300771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.423301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.404839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.789474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.363861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.321862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.531333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.370712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.423301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.299233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.423301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.408086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.363861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.321862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.531333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.370712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.423301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.299233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.423301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.408086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150586.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149332.993197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154783.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150457.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155157.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151261.970760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157566.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151169.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160610.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151369.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156469.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151835.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154092.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151800.462451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152100.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150371.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148624.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151009.448339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151331.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149129.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151972.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152199.017794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       162546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150392.862385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151349.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150630.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147411.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150039.552239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172352.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149808.921659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158431.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151415.018349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151159.554510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148816.850000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148816.850000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150586.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149332.993197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154783.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150457.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155157.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151261.970760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157566.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151169.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160610.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151369.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156469.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151835.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154092.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151800.462451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152100.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150371.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148624.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150790.916944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151331.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149129.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151972.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152199.017794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       162546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150392.862385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151349.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150630.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147411.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150039.552239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172352.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149808.921659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158431.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151415.018349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151121.295863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150586.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149332.993197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154783.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150457.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155157.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151261.970760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157566.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151169.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160610.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151369.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156469.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151835.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154092.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151800.462451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152100.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150371.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148624.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150790.916944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151331.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149129.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151972.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152199.017794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       162546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150392.862385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151349.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150630.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147411.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150039.552239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172352.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149808.921659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158431.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151415.018349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151121.295863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1303                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1303                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2773956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13395140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1448910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19925975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1358983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15903925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2586246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11158577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1538031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19747891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1377206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14881939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1341672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23680475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1314806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15205840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2349800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50284422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2516972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12733161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1405035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26409113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1464248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20084181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2421896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10808687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2409163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12307416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1372868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19864502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1504617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20310278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    335885931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5432574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5432574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2773956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13395140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1448910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19925975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1358983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15903925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2586246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11158577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1538031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19747891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1377206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14881939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1341672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23680475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1314806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15205840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2349800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55716996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2516972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12733161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1405035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26409113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1464248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20084181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2421896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10808687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2409163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12307416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1372868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19864502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1504617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20310278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    341318505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2773956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13395140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1448910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19925975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1358983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15903925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2586246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11158577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1538031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19747891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1377206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14881939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1341672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23680475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1314806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15205840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2349800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55716996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2516972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12733161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1405035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26409113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1464248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20084181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2421896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10808687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2409163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12307416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1372868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19864502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1504617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20310278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    341318505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.366584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.321862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.506542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.370712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.423301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.300771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.334165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.423301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.404839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.363861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.321862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.531333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.370712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.423301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.299233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.423301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.408086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.363861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.321862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.531333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.370712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.423301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.299233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.423301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.408086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92465.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91123.401361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        96594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92249.884259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97070.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93005.409357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        99471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92988.141667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102535.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93150.429245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98371.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93597.100629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95833.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93598.715415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93914.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92156.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90376.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92775.686347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93221.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90951.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        93669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93982.608541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104589.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92129.270642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93149.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92381.940171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89228.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91846.388060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 114405.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91541.483871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100307.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93166.412844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92940.213337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90542.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90542.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92465.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91123.401361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        96594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92249.884259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97070.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93005.409357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        99471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92988.141667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102535.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93150.429245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98371.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93597.100629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95833.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93598.715415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93914.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92156.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90376.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92553.149502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93221.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90951.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        93669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93982.608541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104589.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92129.270642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93149.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92381.940171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89228.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91846.388060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 114405.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91541.483871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100307.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93166.412844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92901.062874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92465.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91123.401361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        96594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92249.884259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97070.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93005.409357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        99471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92988.141667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102535.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93150.429245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98371.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93597.100629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95833.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93598.715415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93914.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92156.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90376.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92553.149502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93221.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90951.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        93669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93982.608541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104589.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92129.270642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93149.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92381.940171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89228.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91846.388060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 114405.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91541.483871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100307.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93166.412844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92901.062874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              499.953118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.345168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.953118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.039989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6903312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6903312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6903312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6903312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6903312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6903312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181666.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181666.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181666.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181666.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181666.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181666.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6010791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6010791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6010791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6010791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6010791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6010791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187837.218750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187837.218750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187837.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187837.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187837.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187837.218750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171701.001515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.754094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.245906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.561539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.438461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    149253868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149253868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1236922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1236922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150490790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150490790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150490790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150490790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.007968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.007968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120853.334413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120853.334413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88351.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88351.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120489.023219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120489.023219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120489.023219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120489.023219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          845                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          845                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41388499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41388499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       211273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       211273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41599772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41599772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41599772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41599772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103213.214464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103213.214464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70424.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70424.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102969.732673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102969.732673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102969.732673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102969.732673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              539.889091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              647141751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1196195.473198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.889091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         124679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        124679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2845945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2845945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2845945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2845945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2845945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2845945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       124696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       124696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167408.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167408.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167408.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167408.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167408.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167408.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2467773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2467773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2467773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2467773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2467773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2467773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164518.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164518.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164518.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164518.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164518.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164518.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151389665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             196609.954545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   132.066834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   123.933166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.515886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.484114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       177468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       212877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         212877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       212877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        212877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    211167331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211167331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    211167331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211167331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    211167331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211167331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       179348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       214757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       214757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112323.048404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112323.048404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112323.048404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112323.048404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112323.048404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112323.048404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54966707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54966707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54966707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54966707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54966707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54966707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106939.118677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106939.118677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106939.118677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106939.118677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106939.118677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106939.118677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.772393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750707724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1513523.637097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.772393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       123994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       123994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         123994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       123994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        123994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2957421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2957421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2957421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2957421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2957421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2957421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       124013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       124013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155653.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155653.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155653.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155653.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155653.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155653.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2393948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2393948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2393948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2393948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2393948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2393948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170996.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170996.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170996.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170996.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170996.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170996.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              118290245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             157930.901202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   160.781760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    95.218240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.628054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.371946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        85977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         157852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        157852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    206468981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206468981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7239469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7239469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213708450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213708450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213708450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213708450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        87667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       159610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       159610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122170.994675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122170.994675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106462.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106462.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121563.395904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121563.395904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121563.395904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121563.395904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     49825748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49825748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     49825748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49825748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     49825748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49825748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101066.425963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101066.425963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101066.425963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101066.425963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101066.425963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101066.425963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              467.059377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753575090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1560196.873706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.059377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         125749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        125749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6153124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6153124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6153124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6153124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6153124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6153124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       125785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170920.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170920.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170920.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170920.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170920.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170920.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4932728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4932728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4932728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4932728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4932728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4932728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176168.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176168.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176168.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176168.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176168.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176168.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              109420657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             169120.026275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   141.560268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   114.439732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.552970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.447030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        98347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        72219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       170566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         170566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       170566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        170566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108009220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108009220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       580794                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       580794                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108590014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    108590014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108590014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    108590014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        99348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       171574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       171574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107901.318681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107901.318681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82970.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82970.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107728.188492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107728.188492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107728.188492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107728.188492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38333457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38333457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       129940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       129940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38463397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38463397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38463397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38463397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98543.591260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98543.591260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98371.859335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98371.859335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98371.859335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98371.859335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              540.027063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              647141697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1196195.373383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.027063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         124625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        124625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2912861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2912861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2912861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2912861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2912861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2912861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       124642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       124642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171344.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171344.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171344.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171344.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171344.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171344.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2553409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2553409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2553409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2553409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2553409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2553409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170227.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170227.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170227.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170227.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170227.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170227.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              151390052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             197379.468057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   131.838315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   124.161685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.514993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.485007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       177760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       213260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         213260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       213260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        213260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    211202391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211202391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    211202391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211202391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    211202391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211202391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       179645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       215145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       215145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       215145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       215145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112043.708753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112043.708753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112043.708753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112043.708753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112043.708753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112043.708753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     54592182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54592182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     54592182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54592182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     54592182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54592182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106834.015656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106834.015656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106834.015656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106834.015656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106834.015656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106834.015656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.772957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750707854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1513523.899194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.772957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       124124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       124124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         124124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       124124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        124124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2944166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2944166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2944166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2944166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2944166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2944166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       124143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       124143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       124143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       124143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       124143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154956.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154956.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154956.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154956.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154956.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154956.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2389858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2389858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2389858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170704.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170704.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170704.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170704.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170704.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170704.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              118290402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             157720.536000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   160.849810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    95.150190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.628320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.371680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        86060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       158008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         158008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       158008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        158008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    205438461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    205438461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6507993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6507993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    211946454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211946454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    211946454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211946454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        87752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       159768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       159768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121417.530142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121417.530142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95705.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95705.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120424.121591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120424.121591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120424.121591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120424.121591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     48808520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48808520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     48808520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48808520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     48808520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48808520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98802.672065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98802.672065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98802.672065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98802.672065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98802.672065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98802.672065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.385090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              769307185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1381161.912029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.385090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         122468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        122468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2826210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2826210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2826210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2826210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2826210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2826210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       122485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       122485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166247.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166247.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166247.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166247.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166247.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166247.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2294267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2294267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2294267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2294267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2294267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2294267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163876.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163876.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163876.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163876.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163876.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163876.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              289563556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             287265.432540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   100.791141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   155.208859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.393715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.606285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       313113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       170990                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170990                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       484103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         484103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       484103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        484103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    292619189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292619189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    292619189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    292619189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    292619189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    292619189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       315764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       170990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       486754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       486754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110380.682384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110380.682384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110380.682384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110380.682384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110380.682384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110380.682384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     76222938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76222938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     76222938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76222938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     76222938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76222938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101360.289894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101360.289894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101360.289894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101360.289894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101360.289894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101360.289894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.773586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750707788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1513523.766129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.773586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         124058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        124058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2979441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2979441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2979441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2979441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2979441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2979441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       124077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       124077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156812.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156812.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156812.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156812.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156812.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156812.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2342873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2342873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2342873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2342873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2342873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2342873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167348.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167348.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167348.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167348.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167348.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167348.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              118290328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             157931.012016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   160.853649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    95.146351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.628335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.371665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        86020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        71915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         157935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        157935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    203850007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203850007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6980763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6980763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210830770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210830770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210830770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210830770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        87710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       159693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       159693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120621.305917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120621.305917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102658.279412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102658.279412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119926.490330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119926.490330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119926.490330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119926.490330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     49132298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49132298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     49132298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49132298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     49132298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49132298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99659.833671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99659.833671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99659.833671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99659.833671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99659.833671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99659.833671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.850614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753891580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1458204.216634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.850614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.030209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         120443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        120443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5016497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5016497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5016497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5016497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5016497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5016497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       120475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       120475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156765.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156765.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156765.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156765.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156765.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156765.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4272695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4272695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4272695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4272695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4272695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4272695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158247.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158247.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158247.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158247.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158247.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158247.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125625721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             90443.283657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   189.715984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    66.284016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.741078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.258922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        90807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        73037                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73037                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         163844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        163844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          482                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          482                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    328417025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    328417025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     82767635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82767635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    411184660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    411184660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    411184660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    411184660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        93348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       166867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       166867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.027221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 129247.156631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129247.156631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 171717.085062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171717.085062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 136018.742971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136018.742971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 136018.742971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136018.742971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123594526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123594526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9733416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9733416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    133327942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133327942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    133327942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133327942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115508.902804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115508.902804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 154498.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154498.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117676.912621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117676.912621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117676.912621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117676.912621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              498.065135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1488359.484127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.065135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6030410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6030410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6030410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6030410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6030410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6030410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182739.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182739.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182739.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182739.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182739.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182739.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5215105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5215105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5215105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5215105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5215105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5215105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179831.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179831.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179831.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179831.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179831.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179831.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              113322525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             172222.682371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   143.836940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   112.163060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.561863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.438137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        84867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         155367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        155367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    149395002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149395002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1295294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1295294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150690296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150690296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150690296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150690296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        86115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.014492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119707.533654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119707.533654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        92521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119405.939778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119405.939778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119405.939778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119405.939778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40834878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40834878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       215225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       215225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41050103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41050103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41050103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41050103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102343.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102343.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 71741.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102114.684080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102114.684080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102114.684080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102114.684080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              557.222739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              769306913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1378686.224014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.222739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.022793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.892985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         122196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        122196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2918326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2918326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2918326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2918326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2918326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2918326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       122214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       122214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162129.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162129.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162129.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162129.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162129.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162129.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162445.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162445.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162445.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162445.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162445.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162445.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              289563541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             285565.622288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   101.132970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   154.867030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.395051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.604949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       313139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       170949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       484088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         484088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       484088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        484088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    300370993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300370993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    300370993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    300370993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    300370993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    300370993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       315817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       170949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       486766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       486766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112162.432039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112162.432039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112162.432039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112162.432039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112162.432039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112162.432039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79317387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79317387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79317387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79317387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79317387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79317387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104640.352243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104640.352243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104640.352243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104640.352243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104640.352243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104640.352243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              539.366850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              647141775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1198410.694444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.366850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         124703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        124703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2908760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2908760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2908760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2908760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2908760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2908760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       124719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       124719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181797.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181797.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181797.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181797.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181797.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181797.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2472968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2472968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2472968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2472968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2472968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2472968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176640.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176640.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176640.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176640.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176640.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176640.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151389495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             196354.727626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   133.333643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   122.666357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.520835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.479165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       177300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       212707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         212707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       212707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        212707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    211081260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211081260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    211081260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211081260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    211081260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211081260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       179179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       214586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       214586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112337.019691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112337.019691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112337.019691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112337.019691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112337.019691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112337.019691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1364                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1364                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55176084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55176084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55176084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55176084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55176084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55176084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107138.027184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107138.027184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107138.027184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107138.027184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107138.027184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107138.027184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              467.059118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753575126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1560196.948240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.059118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5898084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5898084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5898084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5898084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5898084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5898084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163835.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163835.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163835.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163835.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163835.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163835.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4668181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4668181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4668181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4668181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4668181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4668181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166720.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166720.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166720.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166720.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166720.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166720.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109420702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             169120.095827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   141.532497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   114.467503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.552861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.447139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        98375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         170610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        170610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    106199808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106199808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       581221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       581221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    106781029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    106781029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    106781029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    106781029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        99377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105987.832335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105987.832335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83031.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83031.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105828.571853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105828.571853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105828.571853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105828.571853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37862762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37862762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37990962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37990962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37990962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37990962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97333.578406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97333.578406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97163.585678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97163.585678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97163.585678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97163.585678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              498.066828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750133040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1488359.206349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.066828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.036966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6285746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6285746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6285746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6285746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6285746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6285746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165414.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165414.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165414.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165414.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165414.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165414.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4942878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4942878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4942878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4942878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4942878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4942878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170444.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170444.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170444.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170444.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170444.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170444.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              113322992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             171701.503030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   143.498712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   112.501288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.560542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.439458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        85075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        70755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         155830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        155830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    148526489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148526489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1263730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1263730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    149790219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149790219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    149790219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149790219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        86334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        70771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       157105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       157105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       157105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       157105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117971.794281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117971.794281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78983.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78983.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117482.524706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117482.524706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117482.524706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117482.524706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     39983114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39983114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     40175414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40175414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     40175414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40175414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99708.513716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99708.513716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99444.094059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99444.094059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99444.094059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99444.094059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              537.736075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              647141819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1202865.834572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.736075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.018808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.861757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2797080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2797080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2797080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2797080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2797080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2797080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 199791.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199791.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 199791.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199791.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 199791.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199791.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2337320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2337320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2337320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194776.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194776.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194776.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194776.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194776.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194776.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151390490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             195594.948320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   134.789818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   121.210182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.526523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.473477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       178239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        178239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       213698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         213698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       213698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        213698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    211431633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211431633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    211431633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211431633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    211431633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211431633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       180144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       180144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       215603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       215603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       215603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       215603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110987.733858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110987.733858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110987.733858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110987.733858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110987.733858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110987.733858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55399514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55399514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55399514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55399514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55399514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55399514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106948.868726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106948.868726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106948.868726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106948.868726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106948.868726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106948.868726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              539.887479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              647141633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1196195.255083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.887479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       124561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       124561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         124561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       124561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        124561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2987926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2987926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2987926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2987926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2987926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2987926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       124578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       124578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       124578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       124578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       124578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175760.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175760.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175760.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175760.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175760.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175760.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2555154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2555154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2555154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170343.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170343.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170343.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170343.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170343.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170343.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              151389929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             196355.290532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   132.125993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   123.874007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.516117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.483883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       177730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       213141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         213141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       213141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        213141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    213392437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213392437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    213392437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213392437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    213392437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213392437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       179618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       215029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       215029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       215029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       215029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113025.655191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113025.655191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113025.655191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113025.655191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113025.655191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113025.655191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55527718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55527718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55527718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55527718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55527718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55527718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107820.811650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107820.811650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107820.811650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107820.811650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107820.811650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107820.811650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
