
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111551                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111550824741                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639326201286                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 309452                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   395035                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1995807                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55892.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17296089315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22079520140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3730304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2324224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1534720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2375040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3743232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2401152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2322048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1534336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2379392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1534848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2389504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1534208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1105536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2318464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3736448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             36576000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11721600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11721600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        18158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        29244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        18759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        11987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        18589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        11986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        18113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                285750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           91575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                91575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13748854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33440398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20835561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13758034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21291102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33556292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21525184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20816054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13754591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21330116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13759181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21420765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        50488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13753444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9910604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20783925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33495476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               327886415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        50488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             706835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105078560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105078560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105078560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13748854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33440398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20835561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13758034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        41309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21291102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33556292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        42456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21525184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        39014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20816054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13754591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21330116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13759181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21420765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        50488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13753444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9910604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20783925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33495476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              432964975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20645217                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16891481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8652800                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8136434                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92406                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199129182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115399971                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20645217                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10272708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24100221                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5501185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10927792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12182779                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237608018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213507797     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1123361      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1783169      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2421195      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489385      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107818      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1176170      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1754893      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11244230      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237608018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077176                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431389                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197079272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12995064                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24055882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3450451                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398639                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141635770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3450451                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197616445                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1801285                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9941441                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23552148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1246243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141584739                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197578210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658626531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658626531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26032678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18696                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3696037                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13267637                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183818                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1739672                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141425996                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134433694                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18346                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15443877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36788461                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1678                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237608018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180674627     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23451690      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870591      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8914047      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7014449      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836559      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789012      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932326      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124717      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237608018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25198     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81840     36.64%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116299     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113073003     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001300      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12181622      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160907      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134433694                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502541                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223337                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506717088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156906096                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132408417                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134657031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272176                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3450451                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1498967                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121904                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141461824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13267637                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183818                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18701                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102689                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180572                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132288                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132567857                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11461619                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843814                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495566                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132408612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132408417                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76002359                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204800964                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494970                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18412880                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234157567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183649168     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25044415     10.70%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9452129      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4508754      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3815429      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179975      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894348      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860459      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2752890      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234157567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2752890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372865815                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286374169                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020589                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              29899956                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373821                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373821                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596668634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184448358                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131287235                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18816151                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15389272                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1837744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7770261                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7421066                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1932499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81217                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182565360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            106797020                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18816151                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9353565                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22379994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5354576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8374276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11228447                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1849949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    216795849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      194415855     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1217913      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1916663      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3049821      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1264480      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1408106      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1508126      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         981782      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11033103      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    216795849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070339                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.399229                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      180830472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10122806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22310069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        56749                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3475749                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3084056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    130404342                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2910                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3475749                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      181108431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2017781                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      7276597                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22093901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       823386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    130316787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        36433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       223035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       300835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        66233                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    180903674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    606238254                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    606238254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    154300971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26602681                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        33526                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18607                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2403485                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12418062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6676322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1518267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        130128162                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33632                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       123120150                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155675                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16529935                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36959569                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3542                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216795849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164855511     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20864372      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11394165      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7774853      3.59%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7260983      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2087367      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1626601      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553460      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       378537      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216795849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28559     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88072     38.67%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111130     48.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103137140     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1948494      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14918      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11378408      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6641190      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    123120150                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.460249                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227761                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463419585                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146693084                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121144957                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    123347911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       370339                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2234133                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          348                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1390                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       202452                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7666                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3475749                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1247725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130161939                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12418062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6676322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18603                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1390                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1073715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1050889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2124604                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121370847                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10700849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1749303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           17340339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17081593                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6639490                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453709                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            121145839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           121144957                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        70831480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       185063839                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452865                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382741                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90635598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    111096085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19066304                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30090                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1876982                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213320100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168224694     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21841700     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8499813      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4578909      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3429349      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1913252      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1183709      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1057270      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2591404      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213320100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     90635598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    111096085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16657799                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10183929                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15947380                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       100105813                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2256857                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2591404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          340890474                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         263800739                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2959010                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              50712125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          90635598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           111096085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     90635598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.951467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.951467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338815                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338815                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      547300078                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     167917419                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     121633648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        30062                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18395915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16417494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1467987                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12306955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11980830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1110459                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44596                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194242608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            104448720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18395915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13091289                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23291417                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4804306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7788261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11754302                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    228650335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      205358918     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3541307      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1799664      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3504738      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1132323      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3244402      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         514016      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         829751      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8725216      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    228650335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068768                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      192400024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9675452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23245247                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        18870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3310741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1744982                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17308                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    116915064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        32643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3310741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      192609489                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6202016                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2807520                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23037699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       682863                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    116745048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        91465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       521897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    153086678                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    529219758                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    529219758                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    124230020                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28856650                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1576680                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     20996264                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3435075                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       778917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        116141581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15806                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       108790132                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71082                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20881082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42748969                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228650335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180956298     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15032639      6.57%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15961609      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9226628      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4785501      2.09%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201658      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425331      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33257      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27414      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228650335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183113     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75278     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61730     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85352553     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856971      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7782      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19166799     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3406027      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    108790132                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406680                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320121                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002943                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446621802                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137038757                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106030086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    109110253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86570                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4271335                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          292                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3310741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5426255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82100                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116157465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20996264                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3435075                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2204                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          292                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       566000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1556346                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107402105                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18888326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1388027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           22294168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16321775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3405842                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.401491                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            106054575                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           106030086                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        64151800                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       140007986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.396362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84446245                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     95129469                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21032632                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15692                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1458731                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225339594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189894749     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13946065      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8938514      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2817787      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4662665      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914843      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580496      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530636      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3053839      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225339594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     84446245                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     95129469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20081742                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            16724926                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         14590680                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        83151991                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1194913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3053839                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          338447544                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         235637532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4330993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              38857639                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          84446245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            95129469                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     84446245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.167790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.167790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      499135577                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     138224404                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     124063801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15676                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20685522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16926256                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2020967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8513173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92014                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199213646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115699916                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20685522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10276375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24148712                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5519746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10829486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12187465                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2022353                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    237664826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      213516114     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1126628      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1788833      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2421750      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2491579      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2105411      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1179643      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1750954      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11283914      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    237664826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432510                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      197165246                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12895855                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24104135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        27457                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3472128                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3404321                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    141959086                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3472128                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      197706118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1786240                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      9856536                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23596842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1246957                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    141906545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       184837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       535039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    198018122                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    660174527                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    660174527                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171705778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26312344                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18434                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3701992                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13275744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7199266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84431                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1748702                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        141735988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35439                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       134610968                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15646948                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37465995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1399                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237664826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180672366     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23465995      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870698      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8938387      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7028181      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2841001      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791360      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932177      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124661      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237664826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25513     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81887     36.63%     48.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116144     51.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113214609     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2010375      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12192848      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7176259      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    134610968                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503204                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507128879                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157418933                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132592191                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    134834512                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       274434                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103079                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3472128                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1482747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141771568                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        39379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13275744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7199266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18438                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103178                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1177339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2312713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132753639                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11473524                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1857329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18649504                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18865091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7175980                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496260                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132592413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132592191                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        76106902                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       205087099                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495657                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371096                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100093336                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    123163752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18607828                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34040                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2046493                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234192698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183637790     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25069724     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9461126      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4509969      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3817442      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2182270      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1896611      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861043      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2756723      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234192698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100093336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    123163752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18250841                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11154654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16982                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17760438                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       110969026                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2536201                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2756723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373206866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         287015346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3019130                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              29843148                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100093336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           123163752                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100093336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672585                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672585                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374170                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374170                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      597490982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     184698311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     131610063                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34010                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19635317                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16100905                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924801                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8182634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7669597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2015697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187516398                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            111591557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19635317                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9685294                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24547899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5465139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17669399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11554608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914011                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    233239696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      208691797     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2662897      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3078783      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1692509      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1944177      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1078070      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         728227      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1900056      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11463180      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    233239696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417152                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      185979608                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     19234827                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24343718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       193505                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3488037                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3188201                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17964                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    136220574                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        89405                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3488037                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      186277087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6343678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12053613                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24247178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       830094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    136135609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       214454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       383003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    189173360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    633799202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    633799202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    161587505                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27585837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35913                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2216417                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13010370                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7082315                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1566983                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        135912624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35983                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       128482398                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183278                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16937660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39079094                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4247                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233239696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179094337     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21784890      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11704613      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8092260      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7077677      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3621375      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878916      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564601      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421027      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233239696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33798     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118181     42.74%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124532     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107540393     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2006924      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15737      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11889127      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7030217      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    128482398                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276511                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490664279                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152887501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126337520                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    128758909                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2303084                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1237                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       154272                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4477                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3488037                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5881310                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143834                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135948729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13010370                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7082315                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100111                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1237                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115842                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080248                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2196090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126582644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11166014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1899752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18194696                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17714417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7028682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473192                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            126339537                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           126337520                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75088966                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       196639014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94889465                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    116417738                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19532416                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31736                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1935939                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229751659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182189301     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22056752      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9243354      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5558617      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3841404      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2484435      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1287812      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036108      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2053876      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229751659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     94889465                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    116417738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17635327                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10707284                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16661251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       104955405                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2368523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2053876                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          363647300                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         275388426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2875672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              34268278                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          94889465                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           116417738                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     94889465                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.819154                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.819154                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.354716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.354716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      570995890                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     175335436                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     127139279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31706                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267506065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18870744                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15434037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1843012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7792601                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7440273                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1940377                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81844                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183097767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            107099263                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18870744                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9380650                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22440399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5367344                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8369091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11261219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1855367                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    217390876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      194950477     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1219307      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1920949      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3059063      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1267124      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1412673      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1512459      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         985185      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11063639      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    217390876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.400362                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      181360094                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10120470                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22370833                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        56326                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3483149                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3092708                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          451                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    130769081                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2878                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3483149                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      181639545                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2037291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      7257117                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22152751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       821019                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    130683127                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        36878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       223146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       303010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        59572                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    181415526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    607938292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    607938292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    154777215                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26638097                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        33685                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18718                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2415628                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12449582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6696009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202002                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1525130                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        130497478                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33787                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       123492577                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16551498                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36947101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3604                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217390876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165296940     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20926520      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11426824      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7794155      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7285712      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2092477      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1632791      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555691      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379766      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217390876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28651     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86901     38.28%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111435     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103449087     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1953998      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14964      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11413923      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6660605      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    123492577                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.461644                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226987                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464758500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    147084107                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121510202                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    123719564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       372747                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2234161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          374                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1374                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       202099                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7720                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3483149                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1264095                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130531411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12449582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6696009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18713                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81200                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1374                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1076611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1052821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2129432                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121736175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10732889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1756402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           17391758                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17131091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6658869                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.455078                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            121511071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           121510202                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        71043074                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       185613577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.454233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90915383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    111439070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19092568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1882328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213907727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168676413     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21904400     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8525443      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4594928      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3439142      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1921349      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185923      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1060883      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2599246      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213907727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     90915383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    111439070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16709307                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10215402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15058                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15996581                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       100414942                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2263844                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2599246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          341839508                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         264546818                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2966901                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              50115189                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          90915383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           111439070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     90915383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.942363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.942363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.339863                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.339863                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      548961384                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     168425090                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     121980217                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30156                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19613834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16083608                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8066209                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7653547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2012812                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86331                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187191152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            111529519                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19613834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9666359                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24521861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5467870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     17662634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11534325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1909137                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    232890138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      208368277     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        2659199      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3074036      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        1687485      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1939048      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1068963      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         731176      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1902311      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11459643      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    232890138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.416920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      185655960                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     19226512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24317327                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       193796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3496542                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3184761                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        17949                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    136133286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        88562                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3496542                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      185953739                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6388058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     12002790                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24221263                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       827737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    136050038                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       212844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       382254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           76                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    189056470                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    633440337                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    633440337                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    161333539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27722925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        35519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2213853                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12988020                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7076290                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185538                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573667                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        135827074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35585                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       128324334                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17045357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39448993                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3897                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232890138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178825810     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21740012      9.33%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11682251      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8092156      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7071380      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3617285      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       877819      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562907      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420518      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232890138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33755     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117804     42.73%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124126     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107405890     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007537      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15712      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11870180      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7025015      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    128324334                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.479703                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275685                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489997399                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152909247                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126186254                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    128600019                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2297590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          788                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1234                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159160                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3989                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3496542                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5917996                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135862781                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12988020                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7076290                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19759                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1234                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1111150                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078958                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2190108                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126430661                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11146180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1893673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18169581                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17685400                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7023401                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.472624                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            126188231                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           126186254                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74999941                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       196436266                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.471710                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94740329                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116234655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19629346                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31688                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1930684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229393596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181907909     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22020400      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9229928      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5548682      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3835162      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2479766      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1285068      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1034981      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2051700      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229393596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     94740329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116234655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17607559                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10690429                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15810                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16634986                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       104790383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2364787                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2051700                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          363205260                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         275224621                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2868863                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              34617836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          94740329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116234655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     94740329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.823591                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.823591                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      570306423                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     175125319                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127056591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18400445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16420117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1466697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12322118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11983682                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1110797                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44683                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194278425                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            104468837                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18400445                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13094479                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23295775                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4800018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      7796162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11754637                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1439650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    228695405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      205399630     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3541446      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1799085      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3506184      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1133236      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3245113      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         514121      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         830296      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        8726294      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    228695405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.390526                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      192436180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9682972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23249726                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        18820                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3307706                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1746760                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17337                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    116938762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        32734                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3307706                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      192645792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6208343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2809414                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23042048                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       682095                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    116768390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        91246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       521230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    153118704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    529323617                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    529323617                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    124288495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28830204                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        15781                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7995                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1573335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     20993176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3437904                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       781493                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        116165618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15838                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       108819812                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20862804                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42712693                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228695405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180984974     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15039771      6.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15967844      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9228917      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4787251      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1199463      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426548      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33101      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27536      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228695405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183131     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75252     23.51%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61718     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85376169     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857835      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7788      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19169444     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3408576      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    108819812                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.406791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320101                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446726146                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137044535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106064726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    109139913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86370                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4263869                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78751                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3307706                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5430683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81764                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116181537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20993176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3437904                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7991                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2196                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990384                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564236                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1554620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107436348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18892045                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22300435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16328467                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3408390                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.401619                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            106089193                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           106064726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        64168631                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       140040299                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.396492                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458215                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84481058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     95171773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21014428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15707                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1457423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225387699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189926382     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13953885      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8942421      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2818276      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4664120      2.07%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915897      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580058      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531375      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3055285      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225387699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     84481058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     95171773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20088457                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            16729304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7836                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         14596856                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        83189916                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1195732                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3055285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          338518303                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         235682750                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4329912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              38812569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          84481058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            95171773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     84481058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.166485                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.166485                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.315808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.315808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      499287238                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     138267652                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     124089726                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        15694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20661879                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16906478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8687411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8147536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2138229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92619                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199290499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            115488767                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20661879                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10285765                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24125602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5507748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     10785544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12193133                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2027500                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    237656763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      213531161     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1131038      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1790956      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2421329      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2491037      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2105778      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1177189      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1752783      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11255492      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    237656763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077238                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      197238561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     12854996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24081107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        27349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3454745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3400087                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    141736213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3454745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      197780584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1795483                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      9805760                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23572607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1247579                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    141681165                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       185615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       535058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    197710806                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    659089535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    659089535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171651082                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26059724                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18746                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3701536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13276343                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7188535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84733                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1721149                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        141509905                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35746                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       134507262                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18416                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15466097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36834247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1718                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237656763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180702489     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23450018      9.87%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11874816      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8925388      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7018733      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836701      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791698      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932537      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124383      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237656763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25462     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81889     36.60%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113133252     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2002386      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16872      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12189445      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7165307      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    134507262                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.502816                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506913421                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157012302                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132479595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    134730980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       270078                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2125216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          557                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3454745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1492349                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141545793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13276343                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7188535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18751                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          557                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182838                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132992                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2315830                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132640320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11469910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1866942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18634951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18855074                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7165041                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.495837                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            132479809                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           132479595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        76048607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       204918828                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.495236                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100061519                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    123124653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18421147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34028                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2051883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234202018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183676354     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25047591     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9459684      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4508364      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3809239      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2182722      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900147      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862182      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2755735      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234202018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100061519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    123124653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18245086                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11151127                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16976                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17754824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       110933765                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2535390                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2755735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          372991394                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         286546400                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3023346                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              29851211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100061519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           123124653                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100061519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.673435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.673435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374051                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374051                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      597002968                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     184546763                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     131385863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19581330                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16056235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1918654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8129179                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7647009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2010676                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86313                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186994857                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            111307443                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19581330                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9657685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24482656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5451529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     17833778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11522057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1907838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    232810291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      208327635     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2655848      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3070863      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1687688      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1936466      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1073133      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         728378      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1894912      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11435368      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    232810291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.416090                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      185462011                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19395113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24278562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       193547                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3481057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3179859                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        17943                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    135871587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        88891                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3481057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      185759749                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6377991                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     12181899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24182140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       827446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    135788045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       212173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       382064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    188702195                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    632193996                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    632193996                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    161157091                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       27545102                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35722                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19984                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2212870                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12970664                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7063421                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186123                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1567892                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        135568978                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35797                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       128142158                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16916788                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39061726                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232810291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178812997     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21722079      9.33%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11672408      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8071464      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7060405      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3609333      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878674      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562906      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420025      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232810291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34020     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117724     42.68%     55.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124067     44.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107255287     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2002796      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15695      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11856081      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7012299      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    128142158                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.479022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275811                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489553163                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152522800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126005154                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    128417969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       323833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2291951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1238                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       153890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7847                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4136                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5910604                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135604896                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12970664                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7063421                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19985                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1238                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1076680                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2188798                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126249086                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11133708                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1893072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18144528                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17664972                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7010820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.471945                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            126007170                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           126005154                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74887223                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       196118515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471033                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94636590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    116107441                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19498863                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1929685                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229329234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181895331     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21996085      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9220250      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5541034      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3832320      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2477550      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1284538      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1033512      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2048614      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229329234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     94636590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    116107441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17588244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10678713                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16616802                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       104675690                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2362207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2048614                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          362886287                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         274693741                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2866992                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              34697683                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          94636590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           116107441                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     94636590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.826687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.826687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.353771                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.353771                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      569492032                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     174879524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     126812597                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20673349                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16916134                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8690832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8150995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2139171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199385976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            115553770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20673349                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10290166                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24138607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5511305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     10654603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12199117                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2028355                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    237636879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      213498272     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1131866      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1791443      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2422544      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2492756      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2106395      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1177644      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1753029      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11262930      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    237636879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077281                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      197332594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     12725436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24094276                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        27247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3457321                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3401718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    141815699                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3457321                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      197875025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1775782                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      9695356                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23585395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1247995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    141761037                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       185274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       535435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    197821409                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    659458705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    659458705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    171740546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26080856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35659                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3703036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13283823                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7192365                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1719815                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        141590477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       134581448                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18422                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15480507                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36864335                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1735                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237636879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180654728     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23459909      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11879738      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8929768      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7023376      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2839103      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1792697      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932922      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124638      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237636879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25417     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81940     36.62%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116406     52.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113196537     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2003420      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16881      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12195519      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7169091      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    134581448                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507041960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157107312                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132552388                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    134805211                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       270591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2126902                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3457321                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1472944                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141626402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13283823                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7192365                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182763                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134047                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2316810                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132713108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11475758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1868340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18644581                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18864976                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7168823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496109                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            132552607                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           132552388                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        76091499                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       205034918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100113629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    123188690                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18437720                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34048                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2052872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234179558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183628614     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25059567     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9464406      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4510916      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3811035      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2183737      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1901619      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862288      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2757376      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234179558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100113629                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    123188690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18254564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11156919                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16986                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17764017                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       110991498                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2536705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2757376                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          373047903                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         286710201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3024936                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              29871095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100113629                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           123188690                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100113629                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.672044                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.672044                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374245                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374245                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      597330338                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     184648571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     131459185                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34018                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267507969                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19618175                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16089298                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8054370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7653445                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2010855                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187177713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            111553379                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19618175                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9664300                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24528556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5474496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     17578069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11535480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    232804268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      208275712     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2659402      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3077644      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1687063      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1941294      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1067363      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         728260      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1901307      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11466223      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    232804268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.417010                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      185644987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     19139704                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24323709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       193864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3502003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3183565                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17927                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    136166811                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        88872                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3502003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      185943362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6410168                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11893073                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24226923                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       828730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    136083897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       213017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       382667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           68                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    189103828                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    633596850                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    633596850                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    161311795                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27792033                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        35428                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19690                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2218243                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12995041                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7075754                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574616                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        135856096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       128322727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182454                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17095408                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39605876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3800                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232804268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178742678     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21734781      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11682887      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8094316      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7073201      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3615465      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878027      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562371      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420542      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232804268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33881     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118763     42.93%     55.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124019     44.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107406486     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007445      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15710      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11868781      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7024305      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    128322727                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.479697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276663                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489908839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152988212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126181925                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    128599390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       321867                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2306070                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          765                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1228                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159573                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7856                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4261                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3502003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5947311                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135891703                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12995041                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7075754                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19660                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1228                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112539                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2193085                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126425196                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11143374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1897531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18166107                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17685064                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7022733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.472603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            126183839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           126181925                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        74995334                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       196455771                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.471694                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381742                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94727541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    116218949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19674027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31684                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1931618                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229302265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181821909     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22018761      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9231089      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5543206      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3835919      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2478250      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288392      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1034798      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2049941      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229302265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     94727541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    116218949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17605152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10688971                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16632742                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       104776225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2364470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2049941                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          363144663                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         275288028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2870180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              34703701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          94727541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           116218949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     94727541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.823972                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.823972                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.354111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.354111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      570264985                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     175122048                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     127078371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        31654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20670597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16913949                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2017123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8482569                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8128735                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135933                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91843                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199007197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            115628651                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20670597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10264668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24127979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5513334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     10859285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           34                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12174074                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018711                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    237464910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      213336931     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1124127      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1785987      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2417643      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2489318      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2104686      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1177211      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1752903      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11276104      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    237464910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077271                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432244                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      196958112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     12926237                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24083511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        27460                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3469585                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3402002                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    141863329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1947                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3469585                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      197498647                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1809260                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      9863631                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23576413                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1247369                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    141812133                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       185241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       535098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    197893735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    659741422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    659741422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    171577995                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26315740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18301                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3701504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13261042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7194784                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1697499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        141640886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35294                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       134509122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18550                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15648878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37492804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1279                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237464910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180561513     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23392894      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11844173      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8948660      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7033054      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2838103      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790771      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931391      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124351      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237464910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25280     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81828     36.66%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116129     52.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113126211     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2010014      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16865      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183978      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7172054      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    134509122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223237                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506724941                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157325609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132495884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    134732359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2114670                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          553                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103848                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3469585                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1505173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122352                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141676320                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        39130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13261042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7194784                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18305                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          553                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2308232                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132656574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11465127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1852548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18636901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18849676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7171774                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495898                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132496071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132495884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        76054105                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       204931275                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495297                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100018944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    123072181                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18604151                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2042631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233995325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183514646     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25015096     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9454188      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4509681      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3794110      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2180652      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907076      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861498      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2758378      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233995325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100018944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    123072181                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18237308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11146372                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16970                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17747231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110886508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2534305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2758378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          372912590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         286822311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3014458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              30043064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100018944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           123072181                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100018944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.674573                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.674573                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373891                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373891                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      597060492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184566918                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     131528822                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23188159                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19309641                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2113497                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9117505                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8496150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202007371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            127245332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23188159                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10994667                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26530379                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5865362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     18237618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12544518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2020273                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    250508413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      223978034     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1626538      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2054355      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3273931      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1370789      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1760711      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2055129      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         937049      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13451877      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    250508413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.475669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      200826105                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     19533156                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26404621                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        12193                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3732331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3525597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    155508935                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3732331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      201028412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        645078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     18326127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26214838                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       561621                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    154550513                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        80898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       392268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    215901804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    718770708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    718770708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    180803046                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       35098758                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        38108                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1976985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14452575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7562090                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84527                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1710845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        150896884                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38239                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       144842270                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142708                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18200893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36920220                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2073                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250508413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189121712     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28016972     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437026      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6407648      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8694660      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2669265      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2635187      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415329      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110614      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250508413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998955     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133060     10.55%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129116     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122029700     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980886      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17930      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13275263      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7538491      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    144842270                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541450                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541596792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169136706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141074396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    146103401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106777                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2701128                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94643                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3732331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        491506                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62466                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150935130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14452575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7562090                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1257179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177201                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2434380                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142318719                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13057139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2523551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20595180                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       20126539                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7538041                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532017                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            141074642                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           141074396                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        84528723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       227088460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105187683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    129616045                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21319643                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2131518                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246776082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191913875     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27802370     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10095774      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5029181      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4602553      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935127      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908967      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910945      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577290      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246776082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    105187683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    129616045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19218894                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11751447                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18042                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18787837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       116696410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2676584                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2577290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          395133752                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         305603726                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3065214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              16999561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         105187683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           129616045                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    105187683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.543149                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.543149                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      640411500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     197151368                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     143848927                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        36136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267507974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18350701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16376458                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1464681                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12283022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11952875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1107969                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44565                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193808269                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            104195718                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18350701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13060844                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23236159                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4792222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7916820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11727421                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1437892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    228280532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      205044373     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3533253      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1793606      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3496266      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1132590      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3237140      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         512748      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         827875      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8702681      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    228280532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.389505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      191970328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9799203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23190459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        18535                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3302006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1741056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    116634053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        32705                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3302006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      192179509                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6277640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2858784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        22983052                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       679534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    116465028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        90467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       519672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    152717254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    527955943                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    527955943                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    123951116                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28766088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        15717                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7952                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1565650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     20942771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3428594                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       779039                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        115865644                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15772                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       108537513                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70548                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20821020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42612540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228280532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180694809     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15001821      6.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15922528      6.97%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9205203      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4775698      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1198459      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1421524      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33124      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27366      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228280532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182503     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75098     23.53%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61586     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85155846     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       855219      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7766      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19119550     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3399132      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    108537513                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.405736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319187                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445745293                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136702713                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105786373                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    108856700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85973                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4258150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78659                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3302006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5505757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81697                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115881496                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20942771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3428594                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2152                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       988653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       563677                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1552330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107154403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18842496                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           22241450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16283963                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3398954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            105810962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           105786373                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        64000994                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       139683933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84252702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     94913981                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20972183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1455441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224978526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189614149     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13914338      6.18%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8917576      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2811375      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4652699      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       913356      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       578868      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       529738      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3046427      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224978526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     84252702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     94913981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20034546                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            16684611                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7814                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         14557379                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        82964445                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1192462                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3046427                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          337817951                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         235076979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4321570                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              39227442                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          84252702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            94913981                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     84252702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.175067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.175067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.314954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.314954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      497983028                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     137905505                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     123764852                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        15644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267507968                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18854411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15418564                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1842096                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7912066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7446599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1939282                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81870                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183073126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            106944853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18854411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9385881                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22420211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5350252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8319121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11256784                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1854047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    217279842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      194859631     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1219738      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1922397      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3056091      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1267098      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1421426      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1506720      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         984713      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11042028      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    217279842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      181342224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10063782                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22350476                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        56442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3466914                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3091649                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    130596020                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2904                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3466914                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      181618700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2025971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7202944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22135307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       830002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    130509976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        44739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       222828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       299573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74603                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181174520                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    607097388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    607097388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    154739989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26434531                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33766                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2396753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12445062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6690698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1521915                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        130326221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33862                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       123415054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16399732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36449451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3682                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217279842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165200891     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20925659      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437591      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7785206      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7273272      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2092099      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1630116      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555748      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379260      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217279842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28592     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86991     38.32%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111445     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103384535     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949708      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14961      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11410898      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6654952      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    123415054                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227028                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464492846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146761152                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121435860                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    123642082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       375421                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2232140                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          337                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       198348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7694                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3466914                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1264356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110278                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130360229                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12445062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6690698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18785                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1077493                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1050021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2127514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121661582                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10733448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1753472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17386685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17127429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6653237                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454796                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            121436732                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           121435860                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        71000552                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       185447780                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90893525                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    111412176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18948540                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1881521                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213812928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168585642     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21902726     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8526900      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4595169      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3440068      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1919866      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185295      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1059325      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2597937      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213812928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     90893525                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    111412176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16705272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10212922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15992683                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       100390715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2263284                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2597937                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          341575096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         264188531                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2965416                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              50228126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          90893525                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           111412176                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     90893525                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.943092                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.943092                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      548643623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     168320613                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     121821537                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.444555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.925513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.047590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.408803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.062649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28892                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28894                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9933368511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9997686428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9933368511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     9997686428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9933368511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    9997686428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 828955.062255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831546.737753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 828955.062255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831546.737753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 828955.062255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831546.737753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8881028386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8941832870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8881028386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8941832870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8881028386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8941832870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741197.495076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743789.125769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741197.495076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743789.125769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741197.495076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743789.125769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        29192                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.602676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         163963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        31240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.248496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.732187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.594691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1653.768394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         378.507403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.807504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.184818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 36809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  36903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36902                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 36903                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               29152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                29182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29143                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               29182                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67511372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27208155281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27275666653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     29740726                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29740726                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67511372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27237896007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    27305407379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67511372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27237896007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   27305407379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             65961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        66045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              66085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        66045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             66085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1731060.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934570.648198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935636.205166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 991357.533333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991357.533333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1731060.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934629.104999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935693.488418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1731060.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934629.104999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935693.488418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4355                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4355                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           29182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          29182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64086536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24651231815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24715318351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27106726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27106726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64086536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24678338541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24742425077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64086536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24678338541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24742425077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643244.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846743.098101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847808.670108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 903557.533333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903557.533333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643244.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846801.583262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847865.981667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1643244.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846801.583262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847865.981667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        18193                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.836549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         158855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        20241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.848179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.637178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.531014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1659.924215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         356.744141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.810510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.174191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 34383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6194                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6194                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  34452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34451                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 34452                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               18192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                18192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18158                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               18192                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51509754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14351228045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14402737799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51509754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14351228045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    14402737799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51509754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14351228045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   14402737799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        52540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             52575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6194                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6194                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        52609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              52644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        52609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             52644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1514992.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 790352.904780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791707.222900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1514992.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 790352.904780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 791707.222900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1514992.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 790352.904780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 791707.222900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2419                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2419                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           18192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          18192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48524554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12756659875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12805184429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48524554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12756659875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12805184429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48524554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12756659875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12805184429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1427192.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 702536.616092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703890.964655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1427192.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 702536.616092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703890.964655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1427192.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 702536.616092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703890.964655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        12038                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.458930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         193531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        14086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.739245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.940318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.208683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1519.837510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         495.472420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.742108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.241930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 28769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9240                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9240                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  28921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28919                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 28921                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               12035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                12035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               12035                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127174953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9897795178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10024970131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127174953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9897795178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10024970131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127174953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9897795178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10024970131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             40804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9240                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9240                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              40956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             40956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890339.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825435.341339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832984.639053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890339.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825435.341339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832984.639053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890339.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825435.341339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832984.639053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5261                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5261                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           12034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          12034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123311054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8844554957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8967866011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123311054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8844554957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8967866011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123311054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8844554957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8967866011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802523.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737660.963887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745210.737161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802523.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737660.963887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745210.737161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802523.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737660.963887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745210.737161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        18602                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.532244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         229406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        20650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.109249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.076473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.618026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1652.342009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         360.495737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.806808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.176023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 34676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18920                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               18920                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  34823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34822                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 34823                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               18585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                18591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               18591                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15689733184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15770055704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5865628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5865628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15695598812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15775921332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15695598812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15775921332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             53261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18920                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           18920                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              53414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             53414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845853.317376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848536.761044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 977604.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977604.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845895.920884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848578.416008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845895.920884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848578.416008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              10090                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   10090                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           18591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          18591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14060952531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14138113353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5338828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5338828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14066291359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14143452181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14066291359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14143452181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758043.696749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760727.110734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 889804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758086.303368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760768.768813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758086.303368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760768.768813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        29293                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.607368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         164092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        31341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.235698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.493214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.551165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1655.816944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         376.746045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.808504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.183958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 36918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                7645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        37011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  37012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        37011                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 37012                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               29255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                29286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29247                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               29286                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     68015919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26917795185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26985811104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     30399245                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30399245                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     68015919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26948194430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    27016210349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     68015919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26948194430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   27016210349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        66133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             66173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            7645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        66258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              66298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        66258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             66298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1743997.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921337.458413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922434.151564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 980620.806452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 980620.806452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1743997.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921400.295073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922495.743666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1743997.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921400.295073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922495.743666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4373                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4373                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           29286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          29286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64591719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24352568179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24417159898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27677445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27677445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64591719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24380245624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24444837343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64591719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24380245624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24444837343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1656197.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 833535.329237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834632.025226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 892820.806452                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892820.806452                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1656197.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 833598.168154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834693.619579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1656197.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 833598.168154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834693.619579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        18808                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.525858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         229399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        20856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        10.999185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.060587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.756542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1654.228219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         358.480510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.807729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.175039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 34680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               18911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  34829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34828                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 34829                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               18789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                18796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18759                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               18796                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69742043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16052796640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16122538683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5853405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5853405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69742043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16058650045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    16128392088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69742043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16058650045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   16128392088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        53431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             53469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           18911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        53587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              53625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        53587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             53625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.351400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.350508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.350508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1884920.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 856057.841297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858083.915216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 836200.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836200.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1884920.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 856050.431526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 858075.765482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1884920.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 856050.431526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 858075.765482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              10117                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   10117                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           18796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          18796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66492917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14405778081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14472270998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5238274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5238274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66492917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14411016355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14477509272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66492917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14411016355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14477509272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1797105.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 768226.220190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770252.328384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 748324.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748324.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1797105.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 768218.793912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770244.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1797105.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 768218.793912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770244.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        18176                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.843766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         158952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        20224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         7.859573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.571019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.484776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1661.730330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         354.057641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.811392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.172880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 34408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6266                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                6266                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  34476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34475                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 34476                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               18175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                18175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18141                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               18175                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56381358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14303415621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14359796979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56381358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14303415621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    14359796979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56381358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14303415621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   14359796979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             52583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6266                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            6266                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              52651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             52651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1658275.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 788457.947247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790085.115763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1658275.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 788457.947247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790085.115763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1658275.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 788457.947247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790085.115763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           18175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          18175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53394474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12710466332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12763860806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53394474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12710466332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12763860806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53394474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12710466332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12763860806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570425.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 700648.604377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702275.697717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570425.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 700648.604377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702275.697717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570425.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 700648.604377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702275.697717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        12031                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.454783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         193513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        14079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        13.744797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.935483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.008514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1518.792567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         496.718219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.741598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.242538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 28756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9235                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9235                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  28908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28906                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 28908                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               12027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                12027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11987                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               12027                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63376974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9826176775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9889553749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63376974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9826176775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     9889553749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63376974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9826176775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    9889553749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             40783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9235                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9235                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              40935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             40935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1584424.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 819736.112038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822279.350545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1584424.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 819736.112038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822279.350545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1584424.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 819736.112038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822279.350545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5262                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5262                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           12027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          12027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59863703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8773505744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8833369447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59863703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8773505744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8833369447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59863703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8773505744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8833369447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1496592.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 731918.390256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734461.582024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1496592.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 731918.390256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734461.582024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1496592.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 731918.390256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734461.582024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        18640                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.532402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         229223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        20688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        11.079998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.008275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.949834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1654.997209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         357.577084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.808104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.174598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 34566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18847                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               18847                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  34713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34712                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 34713                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               18623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                18628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18589                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               18628                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16068535487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16146724666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3642827                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3642827                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16072178314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    16150367493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78189179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16072178314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   16150367493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             53189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18847                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           18847                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              53341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             53341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.032895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.032895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 864643.536752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867031.341137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 728565.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 728565.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 864606.934962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866994.175059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004850.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 864606.934962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866994.175059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              10077                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   10077                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           18628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          18628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14435690613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14510445911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3202327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3202327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14438892940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14513648238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74755298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14438892940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14513648238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.032895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916802.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 776780.596911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779168.013263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 640465.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 640465.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916802.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 776743.931357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779130.783659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1916802.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 776743.931357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779130.783659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        12035                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.451394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         193540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        14083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.742810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.932659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.012904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1518.654477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         496.851355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.741531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.242603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 28774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9244                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9244                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  28927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28925                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 28927                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               12032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                12032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11992                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               12032                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63651145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9770198562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9833849707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63651145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9770198562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     9833849707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63651145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9770198562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    9833849707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             40806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9244                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9244                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              40959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             40959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1591278.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814726.364410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817307.987616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1591278.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814726.364410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817307.987616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1591278.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814726.364410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817307.987616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           12031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          12031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60139145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8716239455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8776378600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60139145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8716239455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8776378600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60139145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8716239455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8776378600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503478.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726898.461763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729480.392320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503478.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726898.461763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729480.392320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503478.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726898.461763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729480.392320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        18717                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.537491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         229356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        20765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        11.045317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.085761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.864286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1651.578484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         361.008960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.806435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.176274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 34642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               18905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34789                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34790                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               18699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                18705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               18705                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64823973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15980576043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16045400016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3608981                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3608981                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64823973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15984185024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    16049008997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64823973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15984185024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   16049008997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             53341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           18905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              53495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             53495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.038961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1751999.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856316.367110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858088.668699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 601496.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 601496.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1751999.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856234.466681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 858006.361775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1751999.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856234.466681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 858006.361775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              10085                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   10085                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           18705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          18705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61574944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14341451358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14403026302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3081931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3081931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61574944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14344533289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14406108233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61574944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14344533289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14406108233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1664187.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 768484.158075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770256.500455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513655.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513655.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1664187.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 768402.254607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770174.190484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1664187.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 768402.254607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770174.190484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        12034                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.451401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         193496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        14082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        13.740662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.934644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.208409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1519.817182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         495.491165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.742098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.241939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 28745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  28898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28896                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 28898                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               12031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                12031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11987                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               12031                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    129873952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10000418305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10130292257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    129873952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10000418305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    10130292257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    129873952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10000418305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   10130292257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             40776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              40929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             40929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2951680.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834271.986736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842015.813897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2951680.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834271.986736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842015.813897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2951680.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834271.986736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842015.813897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5259                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5259                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           12030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          12030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126010146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8947469294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9073479440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126010146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8947469294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9073479440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126010146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8947469294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9073479440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2863866.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746493.350075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754237.692436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2863866.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746493.350075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754237.692436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2863866.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746493.350075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754237.692436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         8676                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.220402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         216264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        10724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        20.166356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.116891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.869671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1395.037057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         608.196782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.681170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.296971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 28192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8807                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8807                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  28405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28403                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 28405                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                8676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 8676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                8676                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96288380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6995818391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7092106771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96288380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6995818391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     7092106771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96288380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6995818391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    7092106771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             36868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8807                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8807                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              37081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             37081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2468932.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809982.446567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817439.692370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2468932.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809982.446567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817439.692370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2468932.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809982.446567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817439.692370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            8676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92863220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6237310165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6330173385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92863220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6237310165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6330173385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92863220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6237310165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6330173385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2381108.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722161.649300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729618.877939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2381108.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722161.649300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729618.877939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2381108.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722161.649300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729618.877939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        18149                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.833073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         158788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        20197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.861960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.630526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.643226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1658.936346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         357.622976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.810028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.174621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 34329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6181                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6181                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  34399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34398                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 34399                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               18148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                18148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18113                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               18148                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61123327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14557943749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14619067076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61123327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14557943749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    14619067076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61123327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14557943749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   14619067076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             52477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6181                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6181                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              52547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        52511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             52547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1746380.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803729.020538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805547.006612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1746380.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803729.020538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805547.006612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1746380.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803729.020538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805547.006612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           18148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          18148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58049783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12967187959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13025237742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58049783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12967187959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13025237742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58049783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12967187959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13025237742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1658565.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715905.038315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717723.040666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1658565.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715905.038315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717723.040666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1658565.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715905.038315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717723.040666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        29240                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.603433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         164141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        31288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.246133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.093649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.593668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1653.377180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         378.538936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.807313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.184833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 36955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  37049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37048                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 37049                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               29200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                29230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               29230                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82236529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26984936277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27067172806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     29245350                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29245350                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82236529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27014181627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    27096418156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82236529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27014181627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   27096418156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             66155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              66279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             66279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2108628.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925377.602860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926957.972808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       974845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       974845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2108628.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925428.441198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927007.121314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2108628.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925428.441198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927007.121314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4369                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4369                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           29230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          29230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78811454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24424336641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24503148095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     26611350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26611350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78811454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24450947991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24529759445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78811454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24450947991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24529759445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020806.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837568.555296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839148.907363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       887045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       887045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020806.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837619.402932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839198.065173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2020806.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837619.402932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839198.065173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012190821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957815.901354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12182725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12182725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12182725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12182779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12182779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12182779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166567260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.676886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8381251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8381251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18573                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18573                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15437305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15437305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15437305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15437305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44399132711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44399132711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     76192369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76192369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44475325080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44475325080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44475325080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44475325080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8512005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8512005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18573                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18573                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 339562.328579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339562.328579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83912.300661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83912.300661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337799.251720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337799.251720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337799.251720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337799.251720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11906527376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11906527376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9924166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9924166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11916451542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11916451542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11916451542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11916451542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292392.804106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292392.804106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64442.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64442.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291533.982679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291533.982679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291533.982679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291533.982679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.989305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1017003712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1918874.928302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.989305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11228387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11228387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11228387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11228387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11228387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11228387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100691843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100691843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100691843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11228447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11228447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11228447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11228447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11228447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11228447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678197.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1678197.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678197.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1678197.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678197.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1678197.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697518.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697518.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697518.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697518.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697518.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697518.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                66045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180118641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                66301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2716.680608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.086653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.913347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7780328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7780328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6442619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6442619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14222947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14222947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14222947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14222947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       171808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       172687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       172687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75294543086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75294543086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    362846029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    362846029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75657389115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75657389115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75657389115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75657389115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7952136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7952136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6443498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6443498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14395634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14395634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14395634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14395634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438248.178699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438248.178699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 412794.117179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412794.117179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438118.614111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438118.614111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 438118.614111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438118.614111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       313816                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156908                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       105887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106642                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106642                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        65921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        66045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        66045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29866690506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29866690506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36059375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36059375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29902749881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29902749881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29902749881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29902749881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453067.922301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453067.922301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 290801.411290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290801.411290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452763.265667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452763.265667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452763.265667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452763.265667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              558.947547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              931899288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1658183.786477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.701414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.246133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11754256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11754256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11754256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11754256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11754256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11754256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68758550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68758550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68758550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68758550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68758550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68758550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11754302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11754302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11754302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11754302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11754302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11754302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1494751.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1494751.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1494751.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1494751.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1494751.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1494751.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51900221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51900221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51900221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51900221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51900221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51900221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482863.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482863.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482863.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482863.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482863.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482863.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                52609                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              223951768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                52865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4236.295621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.485631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.514369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.790959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.209041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17237543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17237543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3340669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3340669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7838                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7838                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20578212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20578212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20578212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20578212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       185624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       185924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       185924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       185924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       185924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82373300090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82373300090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     26024953                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26024953                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82399325043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82399325043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82399325043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82399325043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17423167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17423167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3340969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3340969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7838                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7838                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20764136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20764136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20764136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20764136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443764.276656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443764.276656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86749.843333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86749.843333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443188.211543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443188.211543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443188.211543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443188.211543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        52540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        52609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        52609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16756551367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16756551367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4496904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4496904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16761048271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16761048271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16761048271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16761048271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318929.413152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318929.413152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65172.521739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65172.521739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318596.595088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318596.595088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318596.595088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318596.595088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.951690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012195503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1942793.671785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    44.951690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.072038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12187407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12187407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12187407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12187407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12187407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12187407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144897666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144897666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144897666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144897666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144897666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144897666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12187464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12187464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12187464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12187464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12187464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12187464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542064.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2542064.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542064.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2542064.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542064.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2542064.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       833312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       416656                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127677398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127677398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127677398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127677398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127677398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127677398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775595.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775595.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775595.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775595.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775595.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775595.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                40910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166580978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4046.567021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.163151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.836849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.910794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.089206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8388650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8388650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7062622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18308                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18308                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15451272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15451272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15451272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15451272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       130806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       131700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       131700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44330941261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44330941261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     75157755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75157755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44406099016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44406099016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44406099016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44406099016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8519456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8519456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7063516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7063516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15582972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15582972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15582972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15582972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338906.023126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338906.023126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84069.077181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84069.077181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337176.150463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337176.150463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337176.150463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337176.150463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11872806281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11872806281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9820701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9820701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11882626982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11882626982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11882626982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11882626982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291300.021615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291300.021615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64609.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64609.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290457.760499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290457.760499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290457.760499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290457.760499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.923274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012878709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951596.741811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.923274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11554558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11554558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11554558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11554558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11554558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11554558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11554608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11554608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11554608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11554608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11554608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11554608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                53377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172057702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                53633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3208.056644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.926325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.073675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8148050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8148050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6888671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6888671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15036721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15036721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15036721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15036721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       188055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       188055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77038591788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77038591788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3372437027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3372437027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80411028815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80411028815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80411028815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80411028815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8330712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8330712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6894064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6894064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17088                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17088                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15224776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15224776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15224776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15224776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 421754.890388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421754.890388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 625335.996106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625335.996106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427593.144639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427593.144639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427593.144639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427593.144639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51971329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 552886.478723                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       129438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18123771467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18123771467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15462541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15462541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18139234008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18139234008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18139234008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18139234008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340518.778502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340518.778502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101062.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101062.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339832.399873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339832.399873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339832.399873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339832.399873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              528.413555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1017036480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1918936.754717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.413555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11261155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11261155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11261155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11261155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11261155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11261155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99631055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99631055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99631055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99631055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99631055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99631055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11261219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11261219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11261219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11261219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11261219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11261219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1556735.234375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1556735.234375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1556735.234375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1556735.234375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1556735.234375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1556735.234375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     68405918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68405918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     68405918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68405918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     68405918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68405918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1710147.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1710147.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1710147.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1710147.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1710147.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1710147.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                66255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              180160328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                66511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2708.729804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.090458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.909542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7801909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7801909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6462572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6462572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15078                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15078                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14264481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14264481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14264481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14264481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       173279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       173279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       173279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       173279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  74527577579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74527577579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    353503480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    353503480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  74881081059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74881081059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  74881081059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74881081059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7974320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7974320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6463440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6463440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18537                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18537                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15078                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15078                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14437760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14437760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14437760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14437760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 432266.952683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432266.952683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 407262.073733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407262.073733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 432141.696680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432141.696680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 432141.696680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432141.696680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       681296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       340648                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       106278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       107021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       107021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        66133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        66258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        66258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29584439259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29584439259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36720148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36720148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29621159407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29621159407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29621159407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29621159407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 447347.606475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447347.606475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293761.184000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293761.184000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 447057.855761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447057.855761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 447057.855761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447057.855761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.580896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1012858421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1947804.655769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    36.580896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.058623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11534270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11534270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11534270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11534270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11534270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11534270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108650026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108650026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108650026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108650026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108650026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108650026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11534325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11534325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11534325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11534325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11534325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11534325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1975455.018182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1975455.018182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1975455.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1975455.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1975455.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1975455.018182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70131271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70131271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70131271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70131271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70131271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70131271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1845559.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845559.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1845559.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845559.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1845559.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845559.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                53587                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              172034011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                53843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3195.104489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.924610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.075390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.913768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.086232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8135479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8135479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6877873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6877873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15013352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15013352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15013352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15013352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       187857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       187857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       187857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       187857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  77611088846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77611088846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3368660439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3368660439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80979749285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80979749285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80979749285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80979749285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8318005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8318005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6883204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6883204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15201209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15201209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15201209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15201209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 425205.663007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425205.663007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 631900.288689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631900.288689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431071.236552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431071.236552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431071.236552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431071.236552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46323419                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            90                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 514704.655556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           18911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       129095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       134270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       134270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        53431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        53587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        53587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18490098601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18490098601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15620146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15620146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18505718747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18505718747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18505718747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18505718747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346055.634388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346055.634388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100129.141026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100129.141026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345339.704537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345339.704537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345339.704537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345339.704537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.214902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              931899623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1658184.382562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.137321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.077581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11754591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11754591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11754591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11754591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11754591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11754591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71849180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71849180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71849180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71849180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71849180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71849180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11754637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11754637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11754637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11754637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11754637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11754637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561938.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561938.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561938.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561938.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561938.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561938.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56762569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56762569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56762569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56762569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56762569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56762569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621787.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621787.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621787.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621787.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621787.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621787.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                52616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              223957155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                52872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4235.836643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   203.392632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    52.607368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.794502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.205498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17240579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17240579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3342991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3342991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20583570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       20583570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20583570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      20583570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       185915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       185915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82297963476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82297963476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25907321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25907321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82323870797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82323870797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82323870797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82323870797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17426194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17426194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3343291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3343291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20769485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20769485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20769485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20769485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443379.917981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443379.917981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86357.736667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86357.736667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442803.812479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442803.812479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442803.812479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442803.812479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16710420193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16710420193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4437821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4437821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16714858014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16714858014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16714858014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16714858014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 318002.972387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318002.972387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65262.073529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65262.073529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317676.334461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317676.334461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317676.334461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317676.334461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              515.903580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1012201175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1957835.928433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    40.903580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.065551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12193079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12193079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12193079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12193079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12193079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12193079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78368720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78368720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78368720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78368720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78368720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78368720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12193133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12193133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12193133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12193133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12193133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12193133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1451272.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1451272.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1451272.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1451272.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1451272.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1451272.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63911889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63911889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63911889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63911889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63911889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63911889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1521711.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521711.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1521711.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521711.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1521711.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521711.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                40893                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166580230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4048.220613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.163683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.836317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.910796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.089204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8389816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8389816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7060406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7060406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18616                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18616                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16999                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16999                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15450222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15450222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15450222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15450222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       130885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       131777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       131777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       131777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       131777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  44115055103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44115055103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     74830348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74830348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  44189885451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44189885451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  44189885451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44189885451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8520701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8520701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7061298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7061298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16999                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16999                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15581999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15581999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15581999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15581999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337052.031195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337052.031195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83890.524664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83890.524664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335338.378101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335338.378101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335338.378101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335338.378101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        90144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        90884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        90884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11800532020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11800532020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9791347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9791347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11810323367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11810323367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11810323367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11810323367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289647.579097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289647.579097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64416.756579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.756579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 288810.392170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288810.392170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 288810.392170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288810.392170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.501627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012846149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1940318.293103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.382749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   481.118878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.771024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11521998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11521998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11521998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11521998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11521998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11521998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125486845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125486845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11522057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11522057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11522057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11522057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11522057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11522057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2126895.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78589132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78589132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964728.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                53301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172015205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                53557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3211.815542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.925461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.074539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8124019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8124019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6870336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6870336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16998                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16998                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14994355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14994355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14994355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14994355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       182066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       187374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       187374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       187374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       187374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  77587931535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77587931535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3474980647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3474980647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  81062912182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81062912182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  81062912182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81062912182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8306085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8306085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6875644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6875644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16998                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16998                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15181729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15181729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15181729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15181729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000772                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000772                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 426152.777207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426152.777207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 654668.546910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 654668.546910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 432626.256482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432626.256482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 432626.256482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432626.256482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47931848                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            90                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 532576.088889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           18847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       128917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18495850652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18495850652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13206666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13206666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18509057318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18509057318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  18509057318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18509057318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 347999.974637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347999.974637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86885.960526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86885.960526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 347255.348267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347255.348267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 347255.348267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347255.348267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              515.902704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1012207160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1957847.504836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.902704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.065549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12199064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12199064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12199064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12199064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12199064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12199064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79575594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79575594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79575594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79575594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79575594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79575594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12199117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12199117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12199117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12199117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12199117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12199117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1501426.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1501426.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1501426.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1501426.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1501426.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1501426.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64158561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64158561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64158561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1527584.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527584.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1527584.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527584.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1527584.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527584.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                40917                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166587849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4046.045928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.167279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.832721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.910810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.089190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8393737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8393737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7064067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7064067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18643                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18643                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15457804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15457804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15457804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15457804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       130906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       131806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       131806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       131806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       131806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  44035470114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44035470114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     75510080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75510080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  44110980194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44110980194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  44110980194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44110980194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8524643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8524643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7064967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17009                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17009                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15589610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15589610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15589610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15589610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336390.005913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336390.005913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83900.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83900.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334665.949911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334665.949911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334665.949911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334665.949911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11745552960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11745552960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9855754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9855754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11755408714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11755408714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11755408714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11755408714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288135.437150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288135.437150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64416.692810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.692810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287298.890779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287298.890779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287298.890779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287298.890779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.909500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1012859579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1947806.882692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.909500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11535428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11535428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11535428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11535428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11535428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11535428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95804252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95804252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95804252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95804252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95804252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95804252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11535480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11535480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11535480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11535480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11535480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11535480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1842389.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1842389.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1842389.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1842389.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1842389.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1842389.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65199376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65199376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65199376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65199376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65199376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65199376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1715773.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715773.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1715773.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715773.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1715773.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715773.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                53457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              172030770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                53713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3202.777168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.928088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.071912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.913782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.086218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8133137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8133137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6876975                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6876975                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15010112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15010112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15010112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15010112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       187552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       187552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       187552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       187552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  77146594485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77146594485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3317619992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3317619992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  80464214477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80464214477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  80464214477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80464214477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8315404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8315404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6882260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6882260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15197664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15197664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15197664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15197664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 423261.448781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423261.448781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 627742.666414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 627742.666414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 429023.494695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429023.494695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 429023.494695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429023.494695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49406628                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            91                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 542929.978022                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           18905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       128964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18413639889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18413639889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13245892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13245892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18426885781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18426885781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18426885781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18426885781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 345452.223871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345452.223871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86012.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86012.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344704.824083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344704.824083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344704.824083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344704.824083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.952183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012182113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1942767.971209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    44.952183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.072039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12174017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12174017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12174017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12174017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12174017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12174017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    149146758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149146758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    149146758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149146758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    149146758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149146758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12174073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12174073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12174073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12174073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12174073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12174073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2663334.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2663334.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2663334.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2663334.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2663334.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2663334.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1469902                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 489967.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130386193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130386193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130386193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130386193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130386193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130386193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2834482.456522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2834482.456522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2834482.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2834482.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2834482.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2834482.456522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                40883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166570096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4048.958312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.162263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.837737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.910790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.089210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8383152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8383152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7057387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7057387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15440539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15440539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15440539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15440539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       130891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          902                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          902                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       131793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       131793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       131793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       131793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  44742101189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44742101189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     75841987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75841987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  44817943176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44817943176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  44817943176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44817943176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8514043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8514043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7058289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7058289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15572332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15572332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15572332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15572332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341827.178255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341827.178255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84082.025499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84082.025499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340063.153400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340063.153400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340063.153400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340063.153400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11973858191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11973858191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9884770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9884770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11983742961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11983742961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11983742961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11983742961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293981.296121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293981.296121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64606.339869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64606.339869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293122.886310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293122.886310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293122.886310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293122.886310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              494.129156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1015643896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2047669.145161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.129156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12544456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12544456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12544456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12544456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12544456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12544456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    143070121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143070121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    143070121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143070121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    143070121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143070121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12544517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12544517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12544517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12544517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12544517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12544517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2345411.819672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2345411.819672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2345411.819672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2345411.819672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2345411.819672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2345411.819672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       637950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       212650                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96766394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96766394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96766394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96766394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96766394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96766394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2360155.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360155.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2360155.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360155.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2360155.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2360155.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                37040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              164700449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                37296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4416.035205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.468223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.531777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9997628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9997628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7428778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7428778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17426406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17426406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17426406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17426406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        97360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        97360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        97360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        97360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21260911992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21260911992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    139550844                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139550844                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21400462836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21400462836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21400462836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21400462836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10092821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10092821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7430945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7430945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17523766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17523766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17523766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17523766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223345.329930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223345.329930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64398.174435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64398.174435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219807.547617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219807.547617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219807.547617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219807.547617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   821.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8900726907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8900726907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15521351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15521351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8916248258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8916248258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8916248258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8916248258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241690.251908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241690.251908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72870.192488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72870.192488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240719.445410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240719.445410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240719.445410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240719.445410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.647622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931872403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1655190.769094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.376173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   524.271449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.840179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11727371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11727371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11727371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11727371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11727371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11727371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76016492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76016492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76016492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76016492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76016492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76016492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11727421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11727421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11727421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11727421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11727421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11727421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1520329.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1520329.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1520329.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1520329.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1520329.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1520329.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61499027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61499027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61499027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61499027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61499027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61499027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708306.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708306.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708306.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708306.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708306.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708306.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                52511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              223902859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                52767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4243.236474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.103193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.896807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.789466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.210534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17195523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17195523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3333812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3333812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20529335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       20529335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20529335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      20529335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       185496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       185496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83784317983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83784317983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26396774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26396774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83810714757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83810714757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83810714757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83810714757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17380711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17380711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3334120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3334120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20714831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20714831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20714831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20714831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452428.440196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452428.440196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85703.811688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85703.811688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451819.525796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451819.525796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451819.525796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451819.525796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       132747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       132985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       132985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        52511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16959502846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16959502846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4530010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4530010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16964032856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16964032856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16964032856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16964032856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 323401.591236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323401.591236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64714.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64714.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 323056.747272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323056.747272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 323056.747272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323056.747272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.990763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017032049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1918928.394340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.990763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11256724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11256724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11256724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126437884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126437884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126437884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126437884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126437884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126437884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11256784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11256784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11256784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107298.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2107298.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107298.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2107298.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2107298.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2107298.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82629100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82629100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82629100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82629100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82629100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82629100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2065727.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2065727.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2065727.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2065727.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2065727.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2065727.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                66239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180157029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                66495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2709.331965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.088398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.911602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7800088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7800088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6461007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6461007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14261095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14261095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14261095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14261095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       173589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       173589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75078462449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75078462449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    359002087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359002087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75437464536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75437464536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75437464536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75437464536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7972795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7972795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6461889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6461889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14434684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14434684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14434684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14434684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434715.804507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434715.804507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 407031.844671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407031.844671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434575.143218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434575.143218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434575.143218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434575.143218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       106592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29653534082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29653534082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     35559773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35559773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29689093855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29689093855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29689093855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29689093855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448514.468456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448514.468456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286772.362903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286772.362903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448211.685789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448211.685789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448211.685789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448211.685789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
